So the Spanish flu, by all accounts was H1N1 Influenza A.
Total deaths from Influenza as of June 10, 2020: 166,265.
Still since you apparently need further DATA and FACTS to show you how fearful you are of a common virus, here are the death rates from influenza in 2017/2018: between 291,000 and 646,000.
This is a CDC  table of all influenza deaths by year in the US.
Also, you're confusing vaccine effectiveness for seasonal influenza which is comprised of a lot of various strains.
Based on this seroprevalence data, the authors estimate that in Santa Clara County the true infection fatality rate is somewhere in the range of 0.12% to 0.2%—far closer to seasonal influenza than to the original, case-based estimates.
One particular study showed that doing so [reduces the cumulative infection rate by about 25% and delay the peak of the epidemic by about 2 weeks](And that was for a *moderately* transmissible pathogen, like influenza.
In other news; approximately 90 people per day accross the USA die of complications from Influenza.
Numerous times over the past few weeks, DeSantis has pointed out that the Florida ED visits for influenza-like and covid-like illnesses have been decreasing.
Influenza-like and Covid-like ED Visit Totals.
Honestly, snot that has COVID-19 in it is less or equally dangerous as snot that contains influenza virus, to someone in my demographic.
Even if you somehow believe it's not from COVID, thousands more pneumonia deaths not linked to influenza should be cause for an investigation.
The Spanish Influenza ended.
The influenza has a higher mortality for kids than covid.
And if there are any neurological issues present in children, it would be nothing new because we see it in Influenza and the Flu.
You can see prior year pneumonia and influenza deaths for Florida here:
So in prior years, they had between 2800 and 3100 influenza/pneumonia deaths per year.
Mind you we're only halfway through the year at a time when it's not influenza/pneumonia death time.
Hell, DOUBLE the # of covid and influenza deaths and subtract it from the covid/influenza/pneumonia deaths.
Since the 1930s, public-health researchers and officials have generally discounted the importance of aerosols — droplets less than 5 micrometres in diameter — in respiratory diseases such as influenza.
You forget we have been studying influenza effects on humans for over a hundred years, we have serotype vaccines that are fairly effective, and humans have adapted to the uptake of influenza serotypes over the years.
Seven of the 12 inferred IFRs are in the range* ***0.07 to 0.20*** *(corrected IFR of 0.06 to 0.16) which are similar to IFR values of seasonal influenza.
Around 3500 people die of influenza yearly in Florida.
Even if you double the COVID and influenza deaths and subtract double the number from the pneumonia deaths, it's still THOUSANDS too high.
Unlike Influenza, COVID attacks all the organs.
Even if you double the # of covid and influenza deaths and subtract it from their # of pneumonia + COVID + influenza deaths, it's still thousands of pneumonia deaths too high for this time of the year.
You can see prior year pneumonia and influenza deaths here:
So an acceptable number of influenza/pneumonia deaths for the year would be somewhere in that range, maybe 3,200 - hell we can say 4,000 pneumonia deaths is "acceptable."
But basic math tells us even if you doubled the COVID and Influenza deaths and subtracted them from all pneumonia deaths, we're thousands too high for pneumonia deaths at this time of year.
Between that time period they've had 8,855 covid/pneumonia/influenza deaths.
That leaves almost 6,000 influenza/pneumonia deaths during those 5 months.
Go look up Florida's prior year influenza/pneumonia death #s:
They had ~3200 pneumonia/influenza deaths in 2018.
The rate you need to look at is the number of people hospitalized because deaths are being counted as Pneumonia or Influenza and not Covid19 despite this years numbers blowing the other years out of the water.
Look at hospitalizations not deaths since Pneumonia and Influenza deaths are skyrocketing and not being counted.
Even if you double the # of covid and influenza deaths (if both pneumonia and covid is listed and pneumonia is being 'double counted') it's still too high.
Even if you double the influenza and covid death count, pneumonia deaths are still way too high for this time of year.
Even if you double subtract all the influenza and COVID deaths, the pneumonia deaths are still way too high by thousands.
Influenza is not the coronavirus.
Based on death certificate data, the percentage of deaths attributed to pneumonia, influenza or COVID-19 are near 6%.
The funniest part is that this percentage is including pneumonia AND influenza B.
Back  in 1918, people wore masks to stop influenza and the masks were deemed  completely useless.
Of course, now we have Covid-19  which is not influenza, but it's still not immunity.
One quick way to rule out a bad case of influenza would be to see the standard deviation.
Can the test actually tell between influenza and covid19?
The reason I question is the CDC are reporting influenza and covid19 in same matrix.
This happens every year,it will sound a little bit insensitive to say this but compare to the cancer deaths and influenza deaths in a country of 330+ million people affecting mostly seniors makes sense of the whole situation.
and influenza deaths.
Edit: Our worst year for influenza out of the past 50 resulted in 61,000 deaths.
"The virus traveled with military personnel from camp to camp and across the Atlantic, and at the height of the American military involvement in the war, September through November 1918, influenza and pneumonia sickened 20% to 40% of U.S.
The numbers are from Table 2 (J12.0-J18.9), Deaths involving coronavirus disease 2019, pneumonia, and influenza reported by NCHS.
Deaths involving pneumonia, with or without covid, excluding influenza = 6,451, between Feb 1 and June 13, 2020.
The average pneumonia & influenza deaths in the first 20 weeks of the year from 2015-2019 were 4775 vs 5904 this season.
The data that I'm looking at from the [CDC](shows 5,569 deaths from flu and influenza for the 2018-2019 season.
 Season          Deaths from pneumonia and influenza.
Another reply correctly points this out, but even with the alternate source, both pneumonia and influenza combined caused 1,791 deaths.
Someone posted the summary in another comment below, but it appears that deaths from pneumonia and influenza in Florida average around 9,000 per year, not the 1,700 as claimed in the tweet.
Eta: influenza kills an average of 50k a year.
Influenza was higher than normal in some months.
Also, we are in an average flu/cold season and this usually sets the rate for the whole season but the  listed death rates  associated with influenza and pneumonia started to sky rocket.
Also deaths attributed to both influenza and pneumonia were statistical anomalies compared to worst case scenarios from previous years.
It seems to contradict with CDC source from your first comment, which indicate almost half of all deaths due to pneumonia and influenza (48%) occur during the first 20 weeks and average at 1791 total.
That is the total amount of influenza and pneumonia deaths in 2018.
It looks like when looking at the numbers themselves (the [first graph](in the article) it is clear that there is a significant increase in total deaths associated with pneumonia and influenza.
Consider influenza.
2018-2019 influenza death rate is 0.01% with (3.4 million cases with 34,000 deaths).
Similar to your argument about covid, MANY cases of influenza go undiagnosed each year as well.
We don't know the true influenza infection rate, we estimate it.
okay, by your logic, since i have no immunity to SARS, MERS, HIV, EBOLA, Zika, Influenza...(the list goes on and on of infectious diseases I have no immunity for) this somehow implies that I will one day catch all of these viruses?
The provisional data presented on this page include the weekly provisional count of deaths in the United States due to COVID-19, deaths from all causes and percent of expected deaths (i.e., number of deaths received over number of deaths expected based on data from previous years), **pneumonia deaths (excluding pneumonia deaths involving influenza), pneumonia deaths involving COVID-19, influenza deaths, and deaths involving pneumonia, influenza, or COVID-19**; (a) by week ending date and (b) by specific jurisdictions.
Influenza has a 0.1% death rate after all.
Just sort of interesting that no one cared about 40,000 - 60,000 deaths per year from influenza.
Influenza kills tens of thousands of us every year!
Availability of medical facilities is also not yet a factor, as for both this virus and influenza hospitals did not exceed capacity leading to death.
When you check data from influenza surveillance you can clearly tell that influenza like symptoms are going down all around the country.
The amount of seasonal variation in SARS-CoV-2 transmission could differ between geographic locations, as for influenza** ([*12*](The *R0*  for influenza in New York declines in the summer by about 40%, while in  Florida the decline is closer to 20%, which aligns with the estimated  decline in *R0* for HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1 (table S8).
I was listening to a history of religions and their response to the Black Plague and the Spanish influenza.
In the most pessimistic scenario, which I do not espouse, if the new  coronavirus infects 60% of the global population and 1% of the infected  people die, that will translate into more than 40 million deaths  globally, matching the 1918 influenza pandemic.
Swine flu has an R0 half (or even a third) of COVID19 and we actually had treatments available since it was an influenza strain.
According to the CDC and WHO, nowhere near as much as influenza.
Abbott’s coronavirus test will be run on its “ID NOW” platform, which is already used for rapidly diagnosing patients who are sick with things like influenza and strep throat.
They said 24 hours for flu/influenza and 4-5 business days for covid 19.
Yes, by the fact that it’s a Coronavirus and not an influenza virus.
The most prevalent Flu this year is Influenza A, strand of H1N1.
Influenza A is not a strand of H1N1, H1N1 is a strand of influenza A.
A can transmit between people and animals, whereas Influenza B is human transmission only.
Exactly, and yet, when it comes to influenza, we have vaccines and treatment, and yet, roughly 3% of people that contract it are hospitalized each year from it.
"This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively."
Whatever you do don't look up how many people die to influenza yearly.
For example, in 2015-2016 only **2882** death certificates listed pneumonia or influenza as the primary cause of death.
When covid-19 is marked as the cause of death for people dying of pneumonia and regular influenza it will obviously skew the numbers.
Turns out all these precautionary things we’ve been doing work against pneumonia and influenza too.
It's not influenza.
It also helps when you are part of a team that did an epidemiological study on influenza that turned into a published paper for the professor you were a TA for in college.
Findings show that face_masks did not reduce transmission of influenza or respiratory illnesses.
Remember when they came out on Fox news saying influenza kills more a year, then 3 months later Corona has nearly tripled that number.
The highest death total from flu and influenza in Texas going back to 2014 was 3,516 deaths.
The 2014 stats you refer to flu and influenza, which are the same.
I'm finding other data published in the past that contradicts these numbers for historical influenza deaths.
In general, I found it surprisingly difficult to get mortality data for influenza through simple google searches.
You're right that the final toll will not be known until this already passes but as present statistics show we are already pass the mortality rate from 2015-2019 (see your first link) in this first 6 months (from pneumonia and influenza).
Based on death certificate data, the percentage of deaths attributed to pneumonia, influenza or COVID-19 (PIC) decreased from 8.1% during week 27 to 6.4% during week 28, representing the twelfth week of a declining percentage of deaths due to PIC.
Especially if we have another pandemic, or COVID actually mutates, or a deadly strain of Influenza, etc.
SARS-CoV-2 appears to behave differently in children and adolescents than other common respiratory viruses, such as influenza, on which much of the current guidance regarding school closures is based.
Although children and adolescents play a major role in amplifying influenza outbreaks, to date, this does not appear to be the case with SARS-CoV-2.
I could point you to the paper I published on influenza vaccines but it is an old paper and it would let you know who I am and you sound like you could be a stalker.
I guess influenza deaths are “unneeded” to you as well as any disease that could potentially be preventable.
For example, they may be attributed to influenza or pneumonia with out a positive Coronavirus test.
[Factually incorrect and mortality rate from PIC is at 5.5%.](And while they lump pneumonia and influenza with COVID to create the PIC category and use language to minimize COVID’s influence, it ain’t flu season buddy, and report after report after report shows statistically significant increases in pneumonia related deaths that cannot be explained by anything other than COVID complications.
This thing isn't any different than a bad H2 influenza as far as mortality rate and victim profile are concerned - it's just more infectious than the usual flu.
When you say "we all get the common cold from time to time", that's also a little misleading, because "the common cold" is caused by 4 different types of coronavirus, dozens of types of influenzavirus and rhinovirus, and most likely several other viruses as well.
Although children and adolescents play a major role in amplifying influenza outbreaks, to date, this does not appear to be the case with SARS-CoV-2. -AAP.
Ever since I had a lab confirmed case of influenza A, I haven't skipped my flu shot.
Going back to 2014, the highest number of influenza and pneumonia deaths here was 3,516 so I don't think it is unreasonable to assume that we may have actually about 4,300 covid deaths which would actually be more in line with the average mortality rate for the majority of states in the country.
Covid and influenza are two different viruses, I have now had both.
My influenza was much worse, it’s just a personal anecdote.
Look up influenza cases.
It gets wilder when the general public seemingly knows more about a viral pathogen (they heard it on Fbook), when even the medical community doesn't, because there's still too much unchartered territory, because this isn't *just* influenza/flu.
hospitals get "overwhelmed" all the time, even as recently as 2018 for *influenza*
it happens with regularity *by design* and it's not the fault of influenza or covid.
[“The fact is that we are not seeing preponderance of severe [COVID-19] disease in young children, which is distinct from influenza,” says Dr.
influenza kills up to 110k Americans each year.
The death rate is low because they are hiding Covid deaths under influenza and pneumonia.
We average 1k influenza/pneumonia deaths per year.
COVID-19 is a different virus from influenza.
From the DSHS reports on the flu: *" *Deaths due to COVID-19 may be classified as pneumonia deaths or influenza deaths (deaths due to “flu” or “flu-like.
"\*Deaths due to COVID-19 may be classified as pneumonia deaths or influenza deaths (deaths due to “flu” or “flu-like illness”)"
So as you can see, the Texas government is intentionally hiding Covid deaths as Pneumonia or Influenza deaths.
The **first** wave, with **zero** immunity and **no** vaccine (unlike all these influenza numbers) was as bad as a bad flu.
This seems in line with the trend as influenza/pneumonia deaths have been rising year-over-year since 2016 largely due to population growth and a particularly nasty strain of flu A going around since 2018.
It lump influenza and pneumonia into a single category.
It says Texas had 3,516 deaths in that combined category for all of 2018 vs 4,948 from Pneumonia + Influenza so far this year (per CDC link in the parent to your comment).
And have multiple effective medications for managing it... and many of us have some level built up immunity from likely exposure to the influenza virus over our lifetime.
CDC estimates that influenza was associated with 45 million illnesses, 21 million medical visits, 810,000 hospitalizations, and 61,000 deaths during the 2017–2018 influenza season.
This burden was higher than any season since the 2009 pandemic and serves as a reminder of how severe seasonal influenza can be.
I can't talk about the symptoms since I haven't been infected but back on 2009 I did catch H1N1 influenza and I remember those symptoms being much worse than the regular flu (for me personally)
It's likely this will keep circulating and reinfecting people every winter and we'll have to get a yearly vaccine, much like we do for influenza.
It shows a spike to 15.6% of all deaths from pneumonia & influenza vs a baseline of 6.7% deaths in 2020.
Speaking of Texas, 2018-2019 flu season had 9470 deaths from influenza and associated pneumonia.
When it comes to 0-24 age range, more people (kids) have still died of influenza than covid 19 (although the flu season is largely ended by this time of year).
Covid has been around for such a short period of time, so we must wait and compare a standardized metric such as year-over-year deaths to influenza.
Influenza been around longer, so of course, more people have died from it.
I suspect that the year-over-year deaths from Covid will be greater than influenza in all age groups.
Especially when influenza has a season (as you have stated), a pattern Covid doesn't seem to be abiding by.
[Weren't you the guy who claimed that Covid-19 was "a little bit worse influenza strain" and went around telling everyone they were overreacting?
It’s an unpopular opinion, but some people will die from this just like people died from the Spanish flu, influenza, tripping on a rug etc.
Two things to consider when framing the data:  The bullet point before the underlined text says hospitalization rates are higher than that of influenza at comparable time points during the past 5 flu seasons.
"Hospitalization rates for COVID-19 in adults (18-64 years) are **higher** than hospitalization rates for influenza at comparable time points during the past 5 influenza seasons"
Just like seasonal  influenza (we have vaccine for).
You’re correct it won’t go away just like influenza, but for influenza as you say we have a vaccine, and a treatment if one were to contract it.
Same as the influenza virus.
All viruses mutate, its part of its life cycle; just like the commonly known influenza.
55,672 of influenza and pneumonia.
From the new numbers which include asymptotic people it has a mortality rate close to influenza, it’s literally just the flu bro.
With the exception of influenza.
Moreover, there are treatments and vaccines for influenza.
105,000 was influenza (the flu which we have vaccines for) and pneumonia which we have effective treatments for.
They also list pneumonia and influenza deaths.
For instance, Dallas County stopped counting Influenza deaths back on 3/28, so who really knows.
Influenza is communicable.
Show me where influenza recently dropped 50,000 people in a month.
If we've had  \~600 covid-19 dead going on 8 weeks and we only have 22k confirmed cases as you say I don't see how that compares to 10,000 dead and millions of influenza infections that did not shut down the state just 2 years ago.
The provisional data presented on this page include the weekly provisional count of deaths in the United States due to COVID-19, deaths from all causes and percent of expected deaths (i.e., number of deaths received over number of deaths expected based on data from previous years), pneumonia deaths (excluding pneumonia deaths involving influenza), pneumonia deaths involving COVID-19, influenza deaths, and deaths involving pneumonia, influenza, or COVID-19; (a) by week ending date, (b) by age at death, (c) by sex, (d) by place of death, and (e) by specific jurisdictions.
Pneumonia and influenza deaths are included to provide context for understanding the completeness of COVID-19 mortality data and related trends.
Deaths due to COVID-19 may be misclassified as pneumonia or influenza deaths in the absence of positive test_results, and these conditions may appear on death certificates as a comorbid condition.
Thus, increases in pneumonia or influenza deaths may be an indicator of excess COVID-19-related mortality.
Additionally, estimates of completeness for influenza or pneumonia deaths may provide context for understanding the lag in reporting for COVID-19 deaths, as it is anticipated that these causes would have similar delays in reporting, processing, and coding.
Incorrect - influenza is a virus that is transmitted through respiratory droplets in a similar manner as coronavirus.
Influenza has the ability to kill millions of people in a pandemic (see 1918-1919 and other outbreaks).
Influenza absolutely does have the ability to completely shut down businesses.
Viruses that spread through respiratory droplets (MERS, SARS, COVID-19, influenza) are highly contagious.
One take away from a 2019 article in March states that it had been a bad flu season that wasn't letting up with 1,865 deaths due to influenza viruses between September 30th 2018 to January 2nd 2019.
This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively.2.
”This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively.2”
But car crashes, influenza, and H1N1!!
All of this over a virus that still hasn’t killed as many people as influenza in the US.
influenza kills ~55k people (it has been over 80 which, the difference from the average is larger than the number of deaths from covid) a year in the US, but you and reddit don't give a shit about them.
Influenza leads to death usually from either respiratory complications secondary to influenza or mostly overall sepsis.
TIL a death rate 10x of influenza (of which there is more than 1 strain, and omitting that is intellectually dubious at best) is a "little bit worse".
Yes people do die from the flu, but we have exhausted all we can for the influenzas out there now (sometimes we get big whoops of avian and pig flu, and you can recall all the media about those).
So many pouring in because they have symptoms, and the majority are testing positive for influenza.
It's important to note that one of the reasons this is spreading so much worse than influenza is because many people are experiencing several days of virus shedding while not being symptomatic.
Many people may think that 1% isn't too bad, but compared to the average influenza mortality rate of 0.1% it is ten times worse.
We can develop vaccines for influenza strains relatively quickly, and thereby contain potential outbreaks.
It was only yesterday that Canadian researchers announced having /isolated/ the virus, which is a breakthrough, but still quite a lot behind our response capabilities for influenza.
How are COVID-19 and influenza viruses different?
Influenza has a shorter.
days, while for influenza virus, the serial interval is 3 days.
This means that influenza can spread faster than COVID19.**
virus before the appearance of symptoms – is a major driver of transmission for influenza.
understood to be between 2 and 2.5 for COVID-19 virus, higher than for influenza.** However, estimates for both.
COVID-19 and influenza viruses are very context and time-specific, making direct comparisons more difficult.
Children are important drivers of influenza virus transmission in the community.
would be higher than what is observed for influenza infection.**
Those most at risk for severe influenza infection are children, pregnant women, elderly, those with underlying.
Mortality for COVID-19 appears higher than for influenza, especially seasonal influenza.
For seasonal influenza, mortality is usually.
value for seasonal influenza was 1.28 (IQR: 1.19–1.37).
Four studies reported six novel influenza R values.
 Higher rates of severe and critical infection than observed for influenza.
 Mortality rate higher than influenza by an order of magnitude.
They are updating the mortality rate downward from the 3% that has been reported to saying it is now between 0.1-1% which is a little more than influenza.
Influenza Vaccine Effectiveness Network (U.S.
Overall, vaccine effectiveness (VE) against any influenza virus associated with medically attended ARI was 45% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 36%–53%).
VE was estimated to be 50% (95% CI = 39%–59%) against influenza B/Victoria viruses and 37% (95% CI = 19%–52%) against influenza A(H1N1)pdm09, indicating that vaccine has significantly reduced medical visits associated with influenza so far this season.
He e-mailed me to let me know he'd been taken off the work schedule at his hospital because he had tested positive for "Influenza A".
Influenza and colds have no issues transmitting in Texas during Fall and Winter.
The Spanish flu, H1N1 influenza, at the time had about a 2-3% death rate much like corona virus.
It is just another influenza strain, just like we have every few years.
And yes there are variations in the flu virus which IIRC we’ve already seen 3 variants of COVID-19.
Like when you get your flu shot there's always still a 20% chance you're going to get the flu.
Most if the people I talked to thought it was stupid and no worse than the flu...
You know how many Americans die every year of the flu?
There are only about 3000 - 15000 actual confirmed deaths from the flu worldwide.
Those numbers are then run through an algorithm that takes into account how infectious the flu is and past data to arrive at a worldwide death count that is usually 100k - 200k.
This is not the flu.
Compared to the flu?
The CDC reports the flu kills between 8,000 and 20,000 people every year in the US.
How do you compare this to the flu?
saying the flu dies in the heat!
right... remember the days when we always heard that its just a flu and the flu is deadlier?
It's frustrating and I'm sure a lot of people think it's like the flu or not real.
And yes, if this thing sticks around I’ll probably get a covid vaccine every year when I get the flu vaccine.
Do you not get the flu vaccine every year?
But fuck vaccines for the flu 😂
The exact same reasoning behind why we want to mitigate COVID-19 spread also applies to the flu.
A healthy person will get over the flu, with or without a vaccine, but a person with an underlying disease may not be so fortunate.
Yeah right, you didn’t get the flu after every vaccine.
According to my family, I've never had a flu vaccine because they're useless, and I only got the flu once within the past year, and this was before October 2019.
Need to realize most people won't get the flu with a vaccine, which keeps the numbers down each year.
And I can't tell if you're saying the shot caused the flu in you, but if you are, you're wrong.
I never said I got the flu after the shot, I said I'd get sick after the shot.
But I can count on getting viciously sick if I get the flu shot, generally never get sick unless I get the damn thing.
Like I said, if a dead form of the flu bothers you that much, getting the live form is going to be rough for you when you’re not so young.
It’s easy to say”let’s all catch it” when you’re still young enough that the flu is easier to deal with than the vaccine.
A fully developed and manufactured vaccine will relegate this virus to be on par with the flu... that is to say, we won't have to wear masks forever.
I've had the flu and it wasn't as bad as the shot.
Yeah, I've had the flu.
For whatever reason, the vaccine is drastically worse than actually getting the flu.
"I texted my buddy and said, "I think I'm getting the flu.' He goes, 'That is scary because I am too,'" Flores told The Arizona Republic.
It’s just the flu jesus.
People are a little too scared of this virus, when it’s no more contagious or contractable then the flu(which by the way, kills 10s of thousands of people every year, even with a vaccine)
I just think it’s very careless of you to be comparing this virus to the flu as if this pandemic is over and we can actually compare the two.
I also have no idea where you get your information from that says the flu is more dangerous because I just googled it and saw 5 different studies or articles saying otherwise.
The flu has a vaccine AND you might have some natural immunity to it from season to season.
We were sick, but it was before they were testing anybody for covid, We tested negative for the flu, and strep, so they put my daughters on antibiotics, which had very little effect.
[The latest CDC data](shows that the virus is about as deadly as the flu.
The flu kills a third of that without those measures over an 8 moth period.
Even those who do get, many will have mild cases and will just say "it's not even as bad as the flu!" not being able to see beyond themselves.
You need to do only minimal research to see the flu death rate is much lower.
So your link says between 300,000 and 600,000 people die annually from the flu.
Also a lot of people still think COVID19 "isn't any worse than the flu"
People don't realize that the flu didn't kill people at this rate of acceleration.
This whole situation has realized how much people actually downplay the flu, too.
Assuming you're as redpilled as I think you are, you probably think COVID-19 is just the flu, the flu doesn't require nationwide shutdowns and hold a \~10% mortality rate among the very elderly.
Nowhere but in NYC did this get to the point where it was even looking like we'd need the triage centers, and to me, that screams "worse than the flu, but not by much".
Ask my sister in law who thinks the numbers are inflated and “she has an immune system” for a reason, it’s just the flu, she refuses to wear a mask because they don’t work, and every other right wing talking point she got off FB.
I was one of those who compared it to the flu/equivalent, but I can only say I have seen what this is truly about first hand and it is nothing to just brush off.
Every major health organization including the CDC is saying that it's worse than the flu.
By the numbers it should only be 2-5 times deadlier than the flu, which isn't that deadly.
Tell that to the flu thats been around way longer than any of us.
For precedent they could look into the flu of 1918.
huh you guys used to say the flu or lightning strikes.
The flu crew says “It was a nothing burger” while the shutdown squad says “We did it!”.
But in all seriousness that was pretty much the flu.
It had identical symptoms and spread as the flu, but was (is, it’s still around) was less than twice as deadly.
That would put it on par with the flu - and last I checked NYC doesn't end up preparing mass graves every year for flu season.
Well, this is a good thing for the area, but it definitely suggests there'll be a seasonal resurgence similar to that of the flu.
it's case fatality is and infection fatality are markedly higher than the flu, however still negligible in the grand scheme of things-
The manager at Family Dollar makes fun of elderly people wearing masks telling them it just the flu.
The manager at Family Dollar, telling them it just the flu.
When you have to call a spouse or other family member, tell them that their loved one isn’t going to make it, and no, you can’t come see them, someone saying “it’s no worse than the flu” will make your blood boil.
From Washington Post: [New tests support consensus: Coronavirus is far more lethal than the flu
I saw someone cite a CDC page saying like 15 deaths in 100,000 or something with the flu in California, so flu had 15% death rate.
It's because they don't agree with you and have had the same conversation 13 times already knocking apart the "same as the flu so quarantine bad" logic.
The IFR for the flu is 0.1%.
Look this isn't instead of the flu, this is in ADDITION TO THE FUCKING FLU.
Which already seasonally strains resources because a vaccine for the flu is apparently too much trouble and too questionable for the average person.
Please do us all a favor; go to the Trump rally next week and stand with your idiot, fascist brethren, catch the flu that has no vaccine and a 5.7% mortality rate and go away.
The only good studies we have still point to an IFR of 0.6 to 1.1%, so 6x or 10x more deadly than the flu.
Does the flu kill 60,000 people in the space of a month and a half?
Do hospitals get overwhelmed by ARDS patients with the flu?
And yes, earlier on you stated that this is no more deadly than the flu.
And the death rate is the same as the flu - who cares.
The flu ***IFR*** is 0.1 at most.
Let’s all hide at home and never come out because we might get something as dangerous as the flu.
I ended up having the flu but not covid 19.
Please test everyone, so it can be .01% and be completely indiscernible from the deaths of the flu.
Every country has shown time and time again that this is SIGNIFICANTLY worse than the flu in every way.
I am not trying to say it's a flu or the flu, i would like to see numbers get to the same level.
Even if this is "just the flu" I still wouldn't wish it on anyone, especially with so many people stating that this is the worst flu they've ever had.
Novel viruses have the entire population to expose itself to where the flu only has new strains that affect a small population every year.
The mortality rate for the flu is something like 0.1% at it's worst ever according to CDC data.
The flu infects 1.1-1.5 people per person who gets it.
And the flu still infects 5%-20% of the entire population.
Keep things in perspective - EVERY year 50,000 - 80,000 die from the flu.
Don't get the flu either, I mean that kills about 70,000 but seriously don't get out of bed.
I still have seen so many people insisting this is still a Democrat hoax that's no worse than the flu.
We are only testing high risk patients with symptoms and only if the flu screening is negative.
Drive through testing is not a good idea with a virus that mimicks the flu.
- Unlike the flu, we don't have a vaccine for this.
Yes, the overall numbers are lower than the flu, but we're only 4 months into studying this thing.
This is at a minimum five times as lethal as the flu.
Most of my friends are still arguing with me that it’s “just the flu”.
This virus supposedly has an easier time spreading vs the flu and is more deadly than the flu.
A decent chunk of people see the statistics here and still think it's just the flu.
I’d like to see the real numbers, because to me this is still not as bad as the flu which 350,000-650,000 people die from every year and that’s with a vaccine... Covid isn’t even hitting that mark with no vaccine in sight.
I just commented back to some idiot who thinks the flu is worse.
The flu episode from one of the earlier seasons isn’t far off, tbh.
Well, if you can show me the flu that has 10,000 cases a day in a single state, I'd def consider them to have a viable opinion.
The flu doesn’t kill 135k people in 5 months in the US alone, dumbass.
Not just the flu either.
This is definitely worse than the flu.
The flu is way more dangerous to children than covid.
Does that mean that people with the flu in the United States of America should be locked up if they leave their houses to go to the grocery store or other destinations??
And the third is going off of the flu and am earlier form of SARS.
This isn’t the flu.
Yes, the flu kills people, but it almost exclusively older people with compromised immune systems.
With the flu, the death rate for the entire population is less than 0.1% of people reporting flu symptoms.
Except we have vaccines for the flu and we don’t deal with corona every year.
We had the flu in January, a very bad cold in February and the virus in March when he lost his job in March.
I spent many of my young adult days sick with colds and the flu because my young kids were in daycare and school.
For kids, they have about as much of a chance of dying from the flu.
No one is "missing the point." Children die from corona as much they die as the flu.
Kids have about as much of a chance as dying from Corona as they do the flu statistically.
West Palmer here, if you don’t get on Reddit or twitter and don’t watch mainstream news and go outside and actually talk to people, you’d notice people are tired of having to wear masks and are much inclined for normalcy to return than to deal with the economic-battering ramifications of a virus that has killed less than the flu.
Some people actually enjoy living over being locked in a padded room to keep them "safe" from a virus that for the vast majority of the population is significantly less dangerous than the flu.
Covid seems to spread far easier than the flu.
I've never gotten the flu in my entire life, even when I was in school.
I was also tested for the flu and that was negative as well.
My body hurt so bad it was worse than the flu it felt like well I was using a heating pad for the aches and the pains and also ibuprofen to take away some of the pain from my muscle aches.
This is someone who claims she can't get sick/never gets the flu.
Every teacher gets infected every school year by the flu or any other illness, the little fuckers are very good at spreading viruses.
According to the Stanford doctor, it’s less dangerous than the flu for those under 50, and it is very possible to simply protect the vulnerable while the low-risk resume relatively normally.
They're insisting it's just the flu and it's no big deal.
BuT wHErE DiD aLL tHe fLu dEatHs gO?!?!?
That’s why I get so upset about people walking around not wearing the mask, getting it, telling everyone it’s not that bad, just like the flu.
My boss's grandmother in law is literally in hospice because of covid and he's still convinced the covid is betrer than the flu because "kids aren't dying from it".
But then you have people like my boss, coworkers, and some customers who think it's no big deal, "just like the flu".
I live in central Florida and I can tell you that most people I know are in the "it's just the flu, bro" or the "numbers are trumped up by the government to scare and control you" camp.
If we're gonna go down the every life matters road then I'm gonna do the don't the lives of those who die every year of the flu matter, road.
Was anyone suggesting that people who die of the flu don't matter?
And so the follow up to that would be if we're going the all lives matter route then why aren't we shutting down schools and stopping business for the flu?
The flu has a vaccine.
The flu kills roughly 40k Americans on average in a year.
More than 3x a full average year of the flu.
Why do you think COVID and the flu are comparable situations?
Please connect the dots, and tell me how arguing about the Flu and states in the NE are going to help our current, worsening situation in Florida.
First of all, much like COVID and the Flu, COVID and Polio are entirely different.
I'm not sure why you keep comparing COVID to the Flu and to Polio, but neither comparison has anything to do with the current situation in Florida.
You want to point at the Flu.
That's 50 times more deadly then the flu.
The flu like symptoms were gone after about a week.
It'll be like the flu shot, you get it once a year and it lasts a couple months through flu season.
Is it an epidemic like the flu?
The actual deaths of kids from the flu is incredibly low.
COVID is also much more contagious than the flu.
But we don’t lockdown schools for the Flu now do we.
It’s just the flu they said.
It's just the flu remember.
Meanwhile you have the entire GOP telling us that only the young are vulnerable and it's not even as bad as the flu... you have an entire political party pounding their chests about having to wear masks.
That might sound low, but it's about 5x higher than the most deadly stains of the flu in decades.
LOL, people here still think it’s “no worse than the flu” and that people wearing masks and being cautious are “a bunch of libtard sheep”.
We have a couple coworkers say "you watch too much tv," "the flu has killed more people," and how everything is BS.
He has his people (Kushner, et al.) telling him it is just like the flu and it will disappear in a few months and that 99% of people infected just get a headache.
So around 8% fatality rate vs Florida with 223,775 cases and 3888 total deaths so around 1.7% mortality rate (a little over the Flu).
Mortality rate for the seasonal Flu is usually 0.1 - 0.2%, how exactly are you calling 1.7% a "little over the flu".
My bad on the Flu thing.
Literally everybody who said it was just the flu and it would be gone with summer heat is a fucking idiot and we need to stop letting them decide our response.
This is *way* worse than the flu.
Imagine politicizing the flu.
COVID-19 isn't the flu.
They just didn't seem to have the flu.
\*Someone below linked a study that shows an IFR as low as the flu (in *some* regions).
We have a vaccine for the flu.
The flu typically kills about 40,000 people each year in the US.
Even on the low end, it's as deadly as the flu and the high end is multiple times as deadly.
First, it wasn't a big deal and the flu was worse according to deaths, then we passed that milestone by a longshot.
We were actually busier durring the flu season 2 years ago than with "true" covid patients this entire time, that goes for Broward, Boca, Delray where I have fam/friends in the ER.
As someone who has had coronavirus, it’s shit for 3 days then it’s just like the flu... this virus is going to do whatever it wants and when it wants, prolonging these stupid quarantine periods is doing nothing... I say screw it and leave it up to natural selection...
The flu kills hundreds of children every year.
Don't hype up the virus to say it's dangerous to them when COVID has killed fewer children than the flu.
The flu usually has a quick recovery (relatively speaking).
The flu is nothing like this.
Again the flu is not the same as the coronavirus, they are not even remotely related.
Since everyone likes to compare this to the flu that only has a mortality rate of .1% in the US.
Anyone who have young children will tell you how often they bring home some form of bacterial or viral disease like the flu.
If the yearly std deviation is huge, perhaps those extra deaths were indeed the flu.
So the extra deaths due to COVID-19 are certainly even higher than the chart suggests, and not due to the flu.
No we should keep everything shut down until the virus decides to go away, the flu has only been around 500 years that's not that long.
I am confused why people assume the coronavirus and the flu are very similar.
The flu has a vaccine and the majority of the population has built up an immunity to it so it’s far less deadly.
The coronavirus does not have a vaccine yet, no one has immunity to it and it’s deadlier than the flu.
Hoping my sons mom will soon realize this isn't just the flu.
Based on health articles I've read over the past few months, it seems like unless a vaccine is found (and honestly, probably even if a vaccine is found) coronavirus will become endemic, meaning it is a seasonal disease that we will have to treat each season like the flu.
That's right in line with the flu.
the flu season is in the fall so the coronavirus is probably gonna be worse when schools reopen.
‘I can’t believe all my friends are dying from the flu’.
From what I understood, they were planning an August to November school year inhouse, and the rest of the year online (timed to avoid the flu season).
I hope you realize that in three months, more people have died from COVID-19 than from an entire year's worth of the flu in the last 60 years or so.
It didn’t feel like the flu to me.
It’s all just a joke/hoax/just the flu...
I also believe in the numbers and research that say it’s highly survivable and much like the flu.
The flu does not hold anything to covid 19.
It kills very old and very sick people, who are just as susceptible to the flu.
If it wasn’t COVID killing them, it would be the flu.
We're pretty bad even at helping with severe cases of the flu.
Tamiflu is crap at stopping the flu once you are a day or two in, and most people don't go to the doctor until it's too late.
Or did I fever dream that?
A week later im in bed with a cough fever and committing waiting for my test_results.
Dry cough and plugged nose but no fever.
Previously, only people who were considered high-risk or those with certain symptoms, such as a fever or respiratory symptoms, could get a test.
Shivering in a sleeping bag with a nasty fever while you drown on your own juices.
If you or anyone has a fever they won't let you cross the Mexico border not sure if they're doing this in between states as well.
"If an employee is exposed to a confirmed case and asymptomatic (free of symptoms related to COVID-19), they should not be restricted from the workplace but should monitor for compatible symptoms of COVID-19 (fever and cough or shortness_of_breath) for 14 days," it reads.
Usually it is baised on fever, cough, exposure and negative flu screen.
If you are symptomatic (dry cough and fever), you should not go anywhere at all for two to three weeks.
If you have severe shortness_of_breath or a fever over 102 call the hospital.
One of my friends, her 4 YO daughter has a 102 fever and other flu symptoms.
Italy and Spain are at a fever pitch right now, their healthcare system is better and much more evenly distributed than ours.
My brother woke up today with a fever and congestion.
I had like 3 different allergies medicines, none worked (if it was allergies) none of my cold or flu medications helped either except nyquil which helped me sleep and I slept for like 2-3 days at the start with a fever on an off.
My son is rocking a fever of 103 with a dry cough and they won't test us because they're following CDC/state guidelines.
She hasn’t run a fever so she comes to work probably as a carrier.
That’s life right now, and an inconvenience and a bit of cabin fever is better than catching the virus and dying, or passing it along and spreading it further.
Dengue fever in the keys..
Here’s another example: guy tests positive for covid (twice), then tests negative in order to be cleared to have an out-patient procedure, after the procedure tests positive again and spikes a fever, shortness_of_breath, the whole 9.
Dengue fever can be deadly too.
Fever, major body aches, horrible cough, pneumonia, dehydrated and is now receiving oxygen.
Found out she had 104 fever.
You still have to lie and claim you have shortness_of_breath and fever to even get tested here.
I spent 10 days dealing with fever, aches, chills, and received a negative test.
You probably just had a fever.
When I had my test done my fever was 103.
Usually, it presents with fatigue then a fever (doesn't have to be high just like 99-103) and severe muscle aches.
So far I have no signs of fever... should I have gone to work?
I kinda have cabin fever though.
No other symptoms, no fatigue, no fever so I’m not really sure what to think about it.
He knows that there's so many more people that have the virus who are either asymptomatic or have mild symptoms/no fever but need to go to work.
Kids would come in sick with a fever and tell me "well my mom gave me Tylenol for my fever this morning and said I had to go to school anyway".
I had to call parents over and over to come get kids, argue about school policy and why you had to go home if you threw up all over the science lab, had to argue why kids couldn't sleep in my tiny one bed clinic for a couple hours to see if their fever went away, etc.
So far she's only had a mild cough and slight fever, and says she feels better today.
My aunt begged my grandma's health care provider to test her for 2 weeks before they would do it, because her fever wasn't "high enough".
I needed surgery after a dog bite in April and had a high fever, had to get the ol’ brain tickler foot long swab.
Except many have no symptoms, that means no fever.
A family that has covid in their nest on the other side of town that sends of their own to school infected and asymptomatic  will likely be undetected - and I mean no fever NOTHING outward but they may still be contagious - and will spread this to the 6-8 closest kids around them that are downwind of them via the way the air handlers are blowing.
Just temperature check the kids everyday to make sure they don’t have a fever.
According to Johns Hopkins, it’s entirely possible to have other symptoms with no fever, especially in the first few days:
When my kids are normally sick, I keep them home well past the 24 hour fever free timeline.
we never left the first wave... disease carriers are proven to spread the infection when they are not showing symptoms– so one infected person in that line who won't show symptoms for 5 more days can infect others, despite not having a fever today.
At least two of the following symptoms: fever (measured or subjective), chills, rigors, myalgia, headache, sore throat, new olfactory and taste disorder(s)
My wife is a teacher, and she regularly sends kids to the clinic when they suddenly run a fever, when all the parent did was give them Tylenol to mask the fever long enough to start the school day.
I never get sick either, It started as a bad headache/fever for 3 days, then 3 weeks of being stuck in bed, no appetite, no energy, super sore body.
My dad came down with a dry cough and fever yesterday, mom isn't feeling good either.
Tell your family and friends you have a fever and can't taste or smell anything...
You needed to have a fever and cough and shortness_of_breath to even get tested, and even then people were lining up at 2am for the test sites to open at 8.
[They've done it before during yellow fever outbreaks in the 19th century.](If you came into the area from a city/county that had been embargoed, you weren't "educated" and asked to self-isolated.
The fever gets high enough and clotting (which is normally a good think if you have, for example, a cut) start happening.
But Wednesday I woke up with diarrhea, fever,chills, aches, and a more aggravating shortness_of_breath.
Maybe it is for the kids, but we're going to lose some parents and especially grandparents if they were dumb enough to come along on the trip but more to the point, they will get it when the fam trip ends and they drive home and a week later stop by for the BBQ and mom says 'don't worry about Jr's cough - he doesn't have a fever **so it's OK'**
gets tested because the cold doesn't go away and NOW he's spiked a fever and they find out Jr.
Doctors in general don’t believe you have a fever until you reach 100.4.
2.) children do not generally (except in very rare cases) become hospitalized, and a very small percentage will even develop symptoms (resulting in a mild cough and low grade fever).
Ive seen cases were the a mother got it from her son (she was 60ish) and she only had a 1 day fever/migraine.
I am out of it and no cold meds, my throat is killing me, cough, lungs feel heavy (not a smoker), mild lingering fever, 🤧
My kid's center won't allow children in if anyone in the immediate family has been running a fever or feeling ill.
Then I got quarantined for a fever, now he wears a mask every day.
Most people experience no symptoms, some experience breathing issues and high fever, and of course others are put into the hospital.
6 yo is currently at a 102 degree fever and my family is waiting to get texts back.
I regularly travel for work and I like to travel and I am getting cabin fever.
If you have a fever, and you take a Tylenol that reduces that fever, do you immediately jump out of bed and declare yourself healed?
If you take a fever reducer, and your fever reduces, you don't immediately declare yourself cured and start playing with the dosage.
I know a few people who have had it and three weeks with a high fever and being unable to breathe sounds horrible.
They have the test if Im showing a cough or fever.
My symptoms have been: headache, nausea, tired as hell, and a fever, though not a high one.
I understand your fustration though, I bet everyone is getting a crappy case of cabin fever, and honestly it's becoming suffocating.
I nearly died of pneumonia when I was in high school (hospitalized for 5 days, 106 degree fever when I was admitted to the hospital with simultaneous diarrhea and vomiting), so I know what it’s like to be critically ill.
Did they have a fever?
Fever, cough, shortness_of_breath, etc.
Only thing was I didn't have shortness_of_breath or a fever, just sinus shit with weird looking (very different from my usual sinus cold) mucus.
I blamed it on getting old (months now from 30), but that couch and fever just would not go away.
I had a very similar thing, but I also had body aches and a fever.
High fever by my standards with no other symptoms, felt better after a day, followed several days later by a bad dry cough.
I never had fever, but I did have a cough and shortness_of_breath/tightness in chest.
If you’ve been watching [that smart thermometer company’s map of fever hotspots](you’ve seen that Florida was bright red with Atypical fever cases, especially on the coasts.
On February 24th I got a low grade fever, it escalated into a sore throat, and a bad cough, I’ve recently been diagnosed with asthma as an adult, so I figured it was normal.
My aunt got fever, cold and also pneumonia, still, she didn't get tested.
the yellow fever.
shortness_of_breath, fever, coughing, pneumonia like symptoms.
id be like *cough cough* yeah boss i got a fever and a cough, i can come in anyway jf you WANT but... lmao.
my body just doesn't fucking know how to run a fever and I'm 21.
can't have a fever if you don't take your temp lol.
but I hear the fever is a sudden onset like a overnight thing.
They sent her home with a fever of 100.7 and to call the nurse health hotline and the line was busy.
i would send a guy with that fever home on a regular day.
what is a sign of a fever?
A sign of fever is your temp being higher than 98.
fever?
tell them you recently came back from Wuhan, you think you have a fever and you worked with someone with CV.
Unless you're immunocompromised a fever is a temp 100.4.
Typically you'll only experience the heat of the fever, but some higher, spiking fevers cause chills.
They check for fever, but people who can't make it 30 minutes without a good cough are washing the dishes for nursing home patients.
he straight up told me I didn't have the symptoms and I cut him off and said I've had a fever and cough and if he would let me speak he would know that.
Maybe I'm just being overly worried, but with how long the symptons can take to show and one guy in my office running a 102 fever that isn't being sent home I'm legit worried I'm carrying it.
dude how do you not send a guy with a 102 fever home.
Fever is classified as 100.4 F or higher.
I think you mean a fever.
Reading Rick Scott's Wikipedia page is a fever dream.
If you look sick they will have the EMTs check you for fever.
It's cool, I'm just having some cabin fever fun.
Running a balanced federal budget is a fever dream regardless of which party is in power.
a balanced federal budget is a fever dream.
Not being able to manage fever?
But any severe fever, shortness_of_breath, or flu-like symptoms it may be worth a trip to a testing_site.
It's not a plague, but I imagine they were making a comparison because the infection rate is obnoxiously high and the mortality rate is worse than expected due to the lack of equipment needed at our increasingly overburdened hospitals (such as the ventilators, masks, gowns, etc.) You can also be completely asymptomatic while it spreads: that means no cough, no fever, no symptoms what-so-ever, but still be contagious and infect others.
My grandmother was sick with a fever last week and wanted to be tested.
We spent pretty much all day in Chinatown and when I got back home (TX), I had a dry cough, fever, no aches but I kept telling my wife that I couldn’t taste or smell anything so it didn’t matter where we ate.
Fever and chills.
Fever comes n goes and mild.
Her only symptoms were chest pain, dry cough, headaches, and a low fever.
Doctor said to come back if the fever passed 101.
I take pain meds on a regular schedule so I did not or only had a very slight fever.
Have had at least one person that I know personally show symptoms (fever, dry cough, negative flu test) but she was told that she was not going to be tested for SARS-CoV2 because she wasn't over 65 and wasn't Emergency/Medical personnel - those are the only two groups of people that are getting tested unless there's a "good reason" to.
The other hold up is mild fever that comes and goes.
I don't know if I will have a fever required for testing after waiting 4-8hrs in car, if you don't have one EVEN WITH RESPIRATORY PROBLEMS you will not be able to get testing.
If y’all are still feeling bad, there’s a testing station at the Jaguars stadium that doesn’t have age requirements, you just have to have like a 99.6° fever and a cough.
What happens if fever breaks in line?
Im on day 5 and low grade fever but not consistently feverish.
They don't tell you anything other than how many people had a fever.
what are these "fever maps" people are referring to?
I'll take not destroying our economy, displacing millions of families, and ruining millions of lives over going on lockdown because of a minor fever.
Ultimately showed no fever at all and I knew I was behaving irrational, but I did it anyway.
We have a family member who has been in contact with a person who traveled to other countries in the last month, has an autoimmune disease and has a fever and other flu like symptoms for the past 10 days.
They have just been asked to quarantine themselves until they have been fever-free for a few days.
I have 7 employees but even if I qualified my employee who was sick with the fever can’t get tested in Florida because there aren’t enough tests.
Coughing, high fever, sore throat.
But no fever, nausea nor fatigue.
I had fever, chills, and a little runny_nose and fatigue that was awful.
Without a fever you will not get tested.
I don't have a fever so I don't think they would test me.
Unfortunately yeah without a fever the doctors down here probably won’t take it seriously enough.
Please do not go to a hospital to get tested unless you have a fever.
Unless you have a fever, please do not contribute to this shit show.
As of yesterday when i went to the pharmacy to (pick up meds for my son that has been sick for two weeks with fever and cough but can’t be tested) I noticed that all our restaurants and bars and stores are jam packed!
The dialysis center won't treat him while he's running a fever.
If you're running a high fever (but not high enough to need hospitalization), you can alternate fever reducers to bring it under control.
The symptoms you're looking out for are a high fever, a dry hacking cough that makes it difficult to speak, and difficulty_breathing.
My son has had a severe cough and fever off and on  for two weeks ... they passed it off as asthma even though he has not had an asthma attack for 7 years!!!!
All Veterans who have symptoms (fever, cough & shortness_of_breath) should call the VISN 8 Clinical Contact Center at 1-877-741-3400 for triage and instruction prior to coming to the medical center or clinics.
All Veterans who have symptoms (fever, cough and shortness_of_breath) should call the VISN 8 Clinical Contact Center at 1-877-741-3400 for triage and instruction prior to coming to the medical center or clinics.
Since when does asthma cause a fever?
Friend with ESRD has a fever, cough, shortness_of_breath.
The paperwork even states he has a fever and cough and then states presumptive negative for cov19.
Students/staff/teachers with a fever should be excluded from school until they are fever-free without medication for 24 hours.
You’re right about the large senior population, people need to do their best to reduce transmission on the own accord which comes with avoiding very populated areas, washing hands frequently, wearing a n95 mask if you have fever / cough, not touching your face.
On Wednesday, March 4, 2020, The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention broadened the guidelines for coronavirus testing, allowing anyone who has symptoms like a fever, cough or difficulty_breathing to receive a test if a doctor agrees.
soon to be called, 'snow bird fever'
I have a feeling that they are going to start getting cabin fever and acting like Nicholson in The Shining.
wuhan fever gonna eat the brains of little kids.
You can have no symptoms and no fever and be carrying the COVID-19.
Screening only works if there is a fever.
The victim feels a bit stuffy for a day or two and gets a bit of a fever.
Reported signs among neonates with SARS-CoV-2 infection include fever, lethargy, rhinorrhea, cough, tachypnea, increased work of breathing, vomiting, diarrhea, and feeding intolerance or decreased intake.
Unless you come into contact with someone or have a fever your on the front line.
Before they could go they visited his family in McAllen, he admitted to attending a baby shower with about 25 people, in two days he went from generally healthy to sick with a fever.
It’s easy to stay home when you have a fever and a cough , but when your walking around with no symptoms while spraying coronavirus on everything just by breathing , you need to wear a fucking mask!
You catch a slight fever.
Because if you’re negative and you really just had a fever, you’re out of work for two weeks without fever.
From here, it's a slippery slope to arresting on suspicion because a person has hay fever and keeping them in jail until proven innocent.
So no, I highly doubt anyone will be arrested for "hay fever."
    Yellow fever.
Hay fever symptoms can include dry coughing, headaches, itchy throat, runny and/or stuffed nose, sneezing, and fatigue.
 Yellow fever.
B) Trying to pretend you haven't lost this argument by picking a fight about me having used a list from the CDC to whine about how the CDC isn't a state agency (no shit) while ignoring the obvious point that SARS is listed alongside typhoid fever and black plague as diseases the federal government can do necessary things to prevent the spread of disease between states *and that it's fucking legal*, thus implying that other methods of preventing the spread of disease are likely also legal for smaller regions (and smaller governments).
All you have to do is look at our extensive, massive history of dealing with tuberculosis, cholera, bubonic plague, yellow fever, and other diseases to see countless cases of people being forced in to quarantine against their will.
I’ve been running a low grade fever and had some symptoms.
Three weeks of fever, numb patches of skin all over my body, lost around 20% of my strength and never got it back, still have the numb patches, lost like 15% of my body weight in 20 days.
You’re spreading the virus before you get a fever and a lot of people don’t even mount a fever.
It’s a indicator if you have a fever.
Regardless of what is causing the fever, don’t bring your germs to work.
In the context of COVID19, fever is present in 99% according to webMD.
And 99% of people have a fever at some point during their course, but it doesn’t mean that they’re going to have it when it’s checked at their place of work.
I’d say only about half of the COVID patients I see everyday in the ER have a fever when we check them.
Severe headache, low grade fever, sluggishness, loss of smell and taste.
I was feeling tired and achy, but no fever or cough.
I had the fever and the horrible dry cough - but for me the worst part was the fatigue and just straight up exhaustion.
He only had a fever for a few hours.
He was asymptomatic but she had all the fever, chills, aches, cough etc.
Fever for about three days and coughing for about three weeks.
tell me more about how proud you are of your fucking voter id law and how it solves problems that only exist in your fever dreams.
' This is all bullshit because if someone comes in with a fever and cough, and they get tested for Covid and they show a positive result for Covid, their getting logged as a Covid patient even though they only came in complaining of a fever and a cough.
You're right, we poor people watching our life savings disappear while we come down cabin fever is totally better than contracting a disease whose primary victims are retired folk who stay home anyway.
The only thing I can think of is that he told them that he had been sick and when they took his temperature and he is temperature was 99.8 so deemed a fever.
I took my 10 month old to Texas Children hospital 2 nights ago with a 104 fever and some cough, and this morning I got a call her covid test came back negative.
Before Easter, I had a mild cough, a few headache, loss of appetite, and possibly a fever, however that only lasted a few days, and I was never tested.
Yeah but then if 1 kid gets a fever (like they always do) we call home..
So the kid is just sitting at school all day long with a fever.
No, but farmers care about malaria, yellow fever, and dengue fever.
I've decided to be mostly a hermit with maybe two monthly outings just not to get too much cabin fever.
By the time a person has a fever, they've been contagious for days.
Even in your article, they're saying "transmission can occur without coughing or fever."
The cougher stayed home Tuesday and since and reportedly developed a fever.
For most people, the new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms, such as fever and cough that clear up in two to three weeks.
(Sore throat, fever for a month, cough, chest pain, even had Covid toes).
Yellow fever: the sequel.
If we know 80% of victims are 65 and older and you just assume every old person who dies while experiencing symptoms like fever, shortness_of_breath, headache, etc then that's essentially every old person that dies everywhere.
If you have a fever and a cough in Texas that is worrying you enough to seek a medical diagnosis, there's currently a 94% chance you don't have coronavirus.
I'm relatively young and healthy so I didn't have a fever.
But of course, without that fever or exposure to a known case or international traveler, I couldn't get tested.
I had intense headaches, immune system flare-ups, and felt like I was about to get a terrible fever or worse for 17 straight days right as the lockdown started.
Though... with most having suffered from cabin fever and more than enough conservatives that think COVID is nothing serious... It may just work.
I had all the symptoms except for a fever.
I’m in Taylor county and the main hospital for testing will only test those who need to be hospitalized or have a fever and came in contact with someone who tested positive.
I couldn't get tested when I had a fever and bad cough but got tested yesterday at my Dr's office (no fever, slight cough).
I think this is a very bad idea, I get it that people are getting cabin fever and want to get out and about again and want to go to work but this is not a smart move.
Walker county is starting to to drive through testing for anyone that has a fever.
It started last Monday, March 23, with a dragging fatigue and a low-grade fever he just couldn’t shake.
The Austin-based musician says he’s **not** experiencing the normal symptoms  connected to COVID-19 like a **fever or cough**, but has a **headache**.
Meanwhile, someone with shortness_of_breath, fever, and a heavy, dry cough gets turned away.
One thing I'm looking at is the real time data coming in, example here -  [  \- which is from a thermometer maker which has started releasing counts of atypical fever around the country by county.
I have every symptom and have had a fever for 3 days now that nothing will break.
If you are elderly with a fever they will test no matter what.
If you are a traveler with a fever they will test you without other symptoms.
Fever isn’t even a main indicator anymore.
Not everyone runs a fever but those with all the other symptoms still cant get tested.
I’ve been nursing a 101 fever all day along with a horrendous cough!!
Do they have a fever?
I know to many people who spiked a fever and had a cough for a few days.
They were telling people to come back and work after one day of no fever.
Also, check your temperature a few times a day and if you start showing a fever, quarantine yourself at home.
In some cases it can be as bad as having actual flu, including a fever.
The CDC says cough, fever and shortness_of_breath.
The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, tiredness, and dry cough.
The biggest symptoms are fever and “dry” cough which means very little mucus or runny_nose.
If you have a fever and feel like the flu, and test negative for flu, you should assume corona and isolate.
Most of the confirmed cases have a fever, so unless your friend is very unlucky, it could just be something else.
My Dad isn't currently running a fever, but my mom had a fever about ten days ago.
That’s what I’m doing fever, dry cough, negative flu.
The post says he has a 102 fever.
Allergies don't cause a high fever, neither do colds generally, and flu has different symptoms than this.
There are lots of things that cause a fever.
I get fever 6 out of 10 cedar seasons (on average).
Some of the mild cases will talk themselves out of self quarantine - it's just a mild cough, I don't have a fever...  If we could test, they wouldn't do that (well most wouldn't).
Fever for a week, breathing issues, etc.
I personally had over 10 patients this last week with fever, cough, and lower respiratory symptoms.
Common cold can cause fever and cough.
I don’t disagree that a cold can cause a fever, but usually they aren’t very high.
Flu during flu season point out that a fever is rare with a cold, common with a flu.
My rule of thumb with my kids (and myself as much as a mom is allowed!) is if you have a fever, your ass better be in bed.
God forbid anyone get a dry cough and fever.
The big fat drops that come out when you cough/sneeze/sometimes talk, but also the teeny tiny ones—the ones you can only see when you exhale on a really cold morning (the three days a year it ever gets cold enough).
But it's a dry cough!
Don't worry though, I'm told arizona COVID is a *dry* cough.
Haha if I saw you in public I would cough all over your bitch ass and watch you tuck tail and run back home to mommy.
I wonder wtf the anti-maskers do when they cough or sneeze.
Those who do not learn the lessons of the past(Spanish flu, swine flu, MERS, SARS, Typhoid, Measles, Mumps, Whooping Cough, Polio, Smallpox, Bubonic Plague) are doomed to repeat, and probably die, or have life changing scars in their organs.
Do you not cover your cough and stay home when you are sick with a cold/flu?
We’re currently waiting for the doctor to call ya when he gets supplies in, but it’s so scary hearing my husband cough and cough and cough and not be able to do anything, seeing his Sp02 start to drop, hearing the horrible stuff on the news, thinking the worst.
Let's give someone a book, let them take it to their home, cough on it, sneeze on it, lick their finger and turn the page, etc.
We'll let other people come in, touch it, cough, sneeze, and just be gross on it.
I was wearing my mask today and someone decided it would be funny to cough on me.
So now that people think everything is magically okay because the governor decided hair salons and restaurants could open they also think that gives them a right to cough on people?
Cough or spread the virus by touching surfaces, and then the fact that it is hot outside won’t make a difference.
I’m not going to party and cough on people.
Gee look at that,  5 cycles,  maybe 20 years later we have a functioning 1st world health system that isn't an embarrassment to the world,  nor do our people go bankrupt because they have a worse than usual cough.
Let's all cough on the count of three.
For when people's word isn't good enough (*cough* like now *cough*)
Coronaviruses (colds and flus) and its droplets tend to be less transmissible in higher temps and humidity because the weight of the moisture in the air helps the virus fall to the ground quicker, therefore less of a chance that somebody walks into droplets of a sneeze or cough.
I also had a nasty upper respiratory illness end of january, it lasted about a month with a sore throat, more mucus than I've ever had and a cough.
I still have a cough from it, it's not exactly a "dry" cough and a lot of my breathing troubles came from mucus in my throat.
Does anyone know how i can get them to to cough up the money?
cough*Nixon*cough*
Come to Florida, cough on hundreds of people.
Because people *never* cough for other reasons yeah?
cough on ‘em.
Sneeze it, cough it, spread it in a school."
Drunk drivers are by far more dangerous because you can not wear a mask and still cover your cough, sanitize, practice proper hygiene, the things that have worked forever, and be fine and still reduce spread.
because you can not wear a mask and still cover your cough, sanitize, practice proper hygiene, the things that have worked forever, and be fine and still reduce spread.
I mean you also misspelled allowed (and misspelled), but either way, I'm not asking for a hippa violation but what evidence do you have that these tests are being falsified besides the fact that someome was tested when they showed up with a cough?
Say I lie on TV regarding the effectiveness of a medical treatment, directly resulting in someone’s death ***cough*** chloroquine ***cough***.
I heard her cough a couple times too.
It was probably a smokers cough.
Would you cough on Desantis if given the chance?
I think other symptoms, like cough, running nose, should be observed as well.
The cough came later and the breathing issue.
She had a cough one day and was dead in a week.
They are too busy buying the electionCOUGH COUGH sorry I meant fundraising for elections.
“Hold yer cough in!”
I've had someone sneeze or cough in my face at least 3x during my time working in NYC.
If we don't toughen these kids up they are going to complain about a cough and breathing when I need a new roof in July.
Take my cough(upvote)
Five years ago, my daughter and I got pertussis - whooping cough - about a week after being in Disneyland.
Outside of fatigue,and cough, I had no  symptoms.
Everyone go to you nearest indoor stadium and cough on each other!
(cough) President!
I feel better than I did (lingering cough aside), under normal circumstances I would be back in the office.
As is Trump's (cough, Putin's, cough) plan.
Cough cough Russia.
It's not like most people cough one day and die the next.
She’s also teething (which causes her to have low grade fevers and a slight cough from all the extra saliva).
I have horrible allergies and for about 2-3 months every year have a cough of varying severity as a result.
If you cough, That is a Probable Covid-19 case.
A cough may indicate that a test is needed but that doesn't mean the patient comes back positive.
The new criteria is broken down on the CDC website which include a positive swab test, or a bunch of other things like cough, or headache and muscle soreness.
At least one of the following symptoms: cough, shortness_of_breath, or difficulty_breathing.
Masks don’t work... I bet you don’t cover you mouth when you sneeze or cough cause that doesn’t work either.
Up until fairly recently, people were taught to cough and sneeze into their hands.
The younger generation has been taught to cough and sneeze into their elbows.
But there are generations born before that who were taught to cough and sneeze into their hands.
You cough into your elbow.
Don't fucking cough into your hand at all you dolt, getting your spit on everything you touch.
If you need to cough do it into the fold of your elbow.
Or, ya know, you cough into your gloved hand, remove the glove and put a new one on.
Isn’t the point of the mask to block the cough.
But why didn't he cough into his gloved hand?
I knew about cough into your elbow but don't have any kids so I had no idea it was taught in pre-k.
You want to pretend you only ever cough into your elbow?
No, you are suppose to not cough into your hands but that is a hard habit to break.
The population who were surrounded by people that didn't block their cough with anything?
It's only been Generation Z that has grown up only being taught to cough/sneeze into their elbow.
[Mary Anne Jackson, a professor of pediatrics at the University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Medicine, said the term “cough etiquette” first turned up in 2000, and she traced the suggestion to sneeze into your arm to 2003, when SARS fears were widespread.
The earliest reference to the arm-cough I found in the news archives was a January 1994 article in the Denver Post.
Susan Reichert, then a pediatrician at the University of Colorado School of Medicine, saying we should teach children to "cough into their sleeve or elbow."
Do you cough into your hands?
I cough into my elbow or into my shirt.
Masks are important, especially when you see how some sneeze and cough in public (loudly and very obnoxiously), but the overall problem is basic hygiene and mask etiquette.
And a dry cough too...
Just open up the economy and exercise caution like using gloves, masks, social_distancing, and covering your mouth when you cough or sneeze.
Before schools shut down kids were playing coronavirus tag (instead of touching someone you cough on them).
If you cough into some bunched up fabric, the jet gets caught in all the folds and loses a lot of energy, carrying the droplets a shorter distance.
Whereas if you cough against a smooth surface, the jet is immediately redirected out of any holes and doesn't lose that much energy.
Also, Covid-19 doesn't spread from a casual passerby  who doesn't cough spit or cough or sneeze or tongue kiss all on you.
When you breathe out or cough, you aren't breathing out viral particles.
Frankly, I'd rather have someone flash their crotch at me than cough on me, so.
Or you just have a little cough.
You go to Publix and scratch your nose or cough quickly into your hand without even thinking about it, just like everyone does.
Is it ok for someone with a mask to stand right next to me and cough?
That is ignore usng masks and cough into one another's faces.
It's spread from droplets, one sneeze or cough could contaminate all this food.
I had symptoms for about a week but no pneumonia/cough.
It wont do shit to protect you from the virus, but it will limit the spread by reducing droplets from your cough, sneeze, talking, etc.
If you breathe or talk or cough and you have the disease, it will spread, and you might kill other people.
She doesn't cover her mouth if she's got a cough.
Given the shouting and the tear gas, I believe protesters - most at risk - will likely delay isolation and seeking care when encountered with a cough.
It's now Friday and it's mostly aches and pains, a cough and occasional shortness_of_breath.
I got sick in February with all the symptoms except breathing issues; I did have a dry cough for 2 months too.
You should go open mouth cough on anyone in your family that is over 60 - that'll show em'!
Sir if I can't cough on a peasant unmasked at Publix then why am I even in America.
They also cough in your face and they spray water at you.
While these young people can, and will, spread it, symptomatic cases will spread even more as they cough and sneeze and aerosolize the virus.
If hospital admissions for cough and difficulty_breathing spike and continue to rise ... fine then be concerned!
shh no cough, only $ now.
You should go to the trump rally in Tulsa and have everybody cough in your face without a mask on after that stay home and incubate for 2 weeks see how you feel then.
also I'd just like this to be over, I work at a hospital and I'm sick of going to work every week wearing a mask all day so mouthbreathers like the one above can cough and touch everything at walmart and potentially spread a virus they thought they'd never have or catch.
Cough cough.
Among the most prevalent is people who have never smoked developing smokers cough.
Horrible coughing and one kid actually cried because his cough hurt so badly.
With a dry cough.
I was sick in the beginning with severe chest pain and a horrific cough.
this is a post to the idiot and any other idiot who says they go out every weekend and they go to friends houses to party and whatever else these dumbasses do, and just because people aren't as tough I mean as dumb as you doesn't mean the media runs there life, there are many people that can't go out who have autoimmune problems or older or they are elderly and then you have other people that just want to hang around for a little longer if they can meaning they want to fucking live, yes I know not everybody who gets the coronavirus dies but even the people that just get sick say they feel like they are dying, it's a terrible virus and for your dumbass to come into a sub and act like you're that 1 fucking loser that won't get it and that you're some type of tough guy when in all actuality you're a dumb MFer But you keep going out to your friend's house and partying and having a good time matter of fact why don't you go to a hospital and see how these people are doing that have caught the virus hell I'll bet there's even some people there that are like you or that were like you but think differently now and then shake hands with them or let them cough on you and see how tough you really are.
Stay at home wash_your_hands wear your mask don’t touch your face and cough into your Elbow if you must go out.
It was hysterical... she isn’t wearing a mask but almost fainted when she heard a cough.
I have the worst cough of my life now, my throat is sore and  swollen, I'm typing this in bed because I dont have enough energy to walk and my muscles are burning.
, and the the latest (::cough::) "live" data (which is at the center of the current controversy) here:
did they cough before they died?
And what happened to this virus supposedly staying airborne when people cough or sneeze?
I was sick for approximately two weeks and all I can remember is the horrific sound of the cough I had and how much my chest hurt.
I didn’t get rid of the cough until a couple of weeks ago.
Instead I had a nagging cough for a month with shortness_of_breath that I don't normally experience with chest colds.
I was never formally tested for anything but the doctors kept chalking it up to "viral bronchitis" and I had to go on multiple rounds of antibiotics, steroids, and prescription cough medicine to no avail.
A cough is proven to travel over 9 feet.
The fact is though that the virus from the cough will not linger and be a threat for nearly as long in bright sunlight, high temperature, and high humidity.
Lets look to our leaders like Rick Scott and follow his, example... ::cough::
The cough got worse and worse.
I got a steroid inhaler for bedtime and upon waking which slightly helped but the cough just kept going for another week and half.
I'm saying that it's rediculous to open a dentist office for routine cleanings and elective procedures, cough cough non-essential, which carry a high risk of transmission due to the very nature of the work.
A simple cough can send aerosolized material 12 feet, after which distance it will settle on every surface in a room.
I had a week or so of croupy cough and hard breathing.
In some cases, the state [provides information](down to granular levels, such as emergency room admissions for cough-related symptoms and the demographics of the state’s 23,000 cases.
go cough on some old as shit senator or something.
I have a sore throat and a cough.
the cough keeps getting dryer.
y'all she came in :(the one w the bad cough.
so I got halls cough drops, and I gargle salt water and touch of vinegar.
they are going to cough in her faxe.
I had a wet cough.
i have a dry cough.
One of my friends at school constantly had people asking him to cough on them as a joke it was fucked.
I have had a cough since as well.
My family has been developing a slight cough and things but otherwise we feel fine.
as i said earlier, time to cough on shitty old politicians.
cough cough* Jussie Smollet.
I live in a relatively small city (150,000 or so), where almost no one travels back and forth from China, and yet I had some weird ass sinus cold that resulted in lost voice and a really tough, lingering dry cough with really weird nasal mucus for several weeks in February.
There has been an ongoing study at MIT that has shown that viruses can hang suspended in an aerosol form, such as a sneeze or a cough, for up to two hours.
Anecdotal cases aside, the CDC openly said that while the 6_feet rule may very well be far less space than needed (26_feet may be more accurate due to turbulent clouds from a cough) being outside is a safe bet.
Or use common sense, can sneeze or cough droplets travel farther in wind?, hmmmm I wonder.
And I'm sure if someone has it, their breath/cough particles will instantly disappear as a courtesy to everyone around them.
Shame this uncomfortable cough is making it hard to drink tho.
They were telling people not to wear them because there’s a shortage for healthcare workers who absolutely need it the most, but even wearing a bandana will help because it won’t prevent it from spreading but it will at least minimize the area you are spreading it around when you cough or sneeze.
A virus-laden air droplet that hangs out in the air for 3 hours (ergh, airborne transmission, not just contact) not just through cough and sneeze, but through exhalation TOO.
Rather, it is the distance these infectious materials can travel before hitting the ground or evaporation, based on the average speed of the droplets coming exiting a person in the event of a sneeze/cough.
Dry cough.
Cough is murderous but mild still too.
It started slowly with headache, sore throat and exhaustion for 2 days, then cough, then extreme chest pain, exhaustion, coughing, etc.
If I flood the bladder before bed, cough is less dry in the morning.
The SO came down with a dry cough very early on.
(symptoms management, such as albuterol for tight chest and cough helps along with tylenol and fluids all day!
Hubby is not feverish now only cough on day 12.
Anecdotally, when I started self isolating 3 weeks ago with a dry cough, I took my temp probably 6-8 times in 2 days.
Hand rails, trash cans, anything you throw away in the trash, walls, gates, you could breath, sneeze, or cough within 6_feet of a surface and now the virus is on that surface for up to 3 days.
I had some nimrod pass close to me in the aisle at Walmart just to cough near me intentionally.
I tried Delsym today to help with that throat clearing cough.
Yes, and it causes a cough which you have to stifle if you have to be out in public so you don't freak others out.
Every time I cough, sneeze, or have congested nose I google coronavirus symptoms lol.
I know, I cough from my asthma,  and everyone jumps 10 ft away!
Post nasal drip, clearing throat cough, scratchy throat only on one side(i’m a side sleeper).
just cough and people will think your sick.
There was one guy who passed me in an aisle who made a point to turn around and cough very close to me.
I woke up with the nastiest cough I ever had, it got so bad one day I was out of breath from talking on the phone for 45 minutes.
But the cough was the worst part, the doctor told me I had a cold/bronchitis.
They are still going to cough and they are still going to spread their respiratory droplets to others.
Saw one touron (moron tourist) this afternoon sneeze and cough INTO their hands and go about shopping and touching handles as normal.
They think the hospitals are going to be overwhelmed if everybody starts getting tested at the first sign of a cough or sneeze.
Which is funny because I have found no shortage of hand_sanitizer or cough syrup.
Cough into the sleeve of your shirt (or tissues that are properly disposed of)
cough cough* Congratulations.
Someone will just cough on you and it's over.
Cover your mouth when snezing or a cough.
I mean, I think it's best if we don't let every hypochondriac with a cough come in and demand a COVID-19 test.
They will cough straight in your eyes and spend most the day with their fingers in their mouths.
Do my arteries clog if they cough on me?
Cough; Something's got to give.
cough cough* i was delivering produce for work yesterday and whent to south padre island only to find a crowd of over 200 people at DOCs seafood treating this entire virus like there paid vacation time because to them thats EXACTLY what they think it is.
I think even you can believe that masks stop spit when people talk or cough.
Last I checked, HEB is a hell of a lot more space than my classroom where kids sneeze/cough/puke all day long.
It's not a matter of eyes being the transmission but being the receptacle from someone else's cough, sneeze or even heavy sigh.
Had some horrible woman in Kansas get in my face and fake cough on me because she was mad I was wearing a mask.
I seriously have no idea how they expect teachers to keep a clean and sanitary classroom full of 25+ snotty nosed kids who cough and sneeze on each other for fun.
How many times do several kids end up with cough/cold/flu because that one parent won't parent and ships them off regardless for the day?
The people who purposely cough in people’s faces need to be put in 24 hour a day lockdown for at least 5 years.
Yeah, all the teachers I know get sick once a year from flu/cold/cough they get from kids, but COVID shouldn't be a problem, right?
shh no cough, only $$$ now.
People sitting close to each other in stadium like seating while eating, anyone on the top rows can cough or sneeze and spread the virus down to others.
Oh and added the photo, context of the misinformation being spread constantly... by a legitimate news outlet source... and even screenshot to highlight the point and save time for dummies that won’t read an entire article... ahem... cough cough... for people that are sooooo self aware and know everything like yourself.
In that period where you're asymptomatic, which is usually a few days, if you go to the grocery store and cough, sneeze, or touch your mouth/face/nose and then touch products, then those products are now contaminated and capable of spreading the virus.
But none of that changes the **demonstrated fact** that masks greatly cut down on droplets leaving your mouth and nose when you talk, cough, or sneeze.
While you’re correct, the virus is much smaller than, say, bacteria, the droplets people cough out aren’t.
And thats more along the line of what we are trying to get a mask to stop is your gross droplets coming out of your mouth and nose when you talk, cough, or sneeze.
They cough, sneeze, and don't even bother to cover their mouths.
Didn’t you know everyone with a cough is diagnosed with COVID?
Said he caught the cough early enough where the pneumonia didn’t set in.
Very light cough, temperature as high as 99 and change.
The only time they're attached to "spit drops" large enough to *possibly* become lodged in the fibers of a cotton/sugical mask, is during a sneeze or a cough - in which it's been proven, that the force of the sneeze or cough is likely to dislodge the "spit drops" anyways.
The only time they're attached to "spit drops" large enough to possibly become lodged in the fibers of a cotton/sugical mask, is during a sneeze or a cough - in which it's been proven, that the force of the sneeze or cough is likely to dislodge the "spit drops" anyways.
How is anyone, given what has been pounded into our heads for almost four months about this being spread by respiratory droplets, even thinking about being around people when they have a cough!
If you are infected and you cough that mask will help others.
They only work when a person is shedding the virus, and they sneeze or cough, attaching the virus to a water droplet from their lungs/mucous membranes, AND if they are far enough away from someone that the muted force of air doesn't come in contact with anyone else.
But when they talk, cough or sneeze, they can still spread the virus to others in the form of respiratory droplets expelled into the air.
While grabbing some cheese, this lady, who had on a mask, stopped, puked the mask off her face, proceeded to cough for a moment, then put the mask back on.
In two weeks the average Texan is about to have a cough due to Covid.
Maybe if the guy had said the average amount of Texans will have a cough then I see your point.
Masks are not effective (as I demonstrated above), but social_distancing and washing/disinfecting your hands/covering your face if you cough/etc are.
They cough & sneeze.
Wearing a cover over your nose and mouth limits how far these droplets can travel from you when you exhale, sneeze, cough, etc.
But even as a means of protecting from things such as a cough, if the user of the mask does not get a cood seal, that air is just taking a small detour before ending up in the same place as it would have been if there was no mask at all.
It's not nearly as much airborne as it is in the goo that people spew when they cough and sneeze.
I'm not white and this "white people need to listen" narrative (cough cough mark cuban) is the most eye rolling pandering racist BS ever.
It also turns out that if you shoot tear gas and mace people at a protest, it causes them all to cough and rub their eyes and nose.
You would not believe how many people we’ve seen remove their masks to sneeze AND/OR cough and then put them back in place when done.
Furthermore, cloth masks help to reinforce social_distancing and good cough etiquette, which ultimately will help to slow how far the virus spreads."
If your employer doesn't have your back then sometimes it's better just to let them cough on you.
You also cough, sneeze, sweat, and wipe your nose into a mask.
I hate the way wearing masks has been stigmatized, and people will cough/sneeze into their hands.
Cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze, wash your hand frequently.
Are we opening the Cough In My Mouth Cafe now?
cough* vote libertarian *cough*
r/Coronavirus mods said “cough cough go somewhere else” when I contacted mods about posting it after it was censored.
If people are out of work for much longer, you’ll be more concerned about the dude kicking in your front door for bread more than a dry cough.
I didn't hear a single sneeze or cough.
Him and I both are scared; every cough, sneeze or minor breathing issue races our minds to being sick and actually transmitting the disease to innocent kids, adults and senior citizens.
Maybe it's not such a good idea to just count every dead person who had a cough as having covid-19.
If they flat out ignore that **cough** Georgia **cough** things will become orders of magnitude worse, as we say when things got out of control in NYC.
Beginning in March I had a sore throat that felt like I had strep and then smoked 30 unfiltered pall malls on top of that in addition to dry cough, runny_nose, and fatigue.
listen here buddy, i might be living under a bridge, my wife might be selling her body so we can afford a tent, and that might be my dog cooking on that burn barrel, but at least we didn't catch a cough.
You getting a cough could kill people's loved ones.
I had a splitting headache yesterday and now have a cough that woke me up.
If my cough progresses I'm not even sure I could get testing.
So if people aren't working the kind of job that has insurance, do you think they're going to cough up $100 for an antibody_test?
And should you sneeze or cough, what else besides a facial covering guarantees that that virus does not spread?
Did no one instruct you what to do if you had to cough before this Corona virus?
\*cough\*
And we already have dumbasses that still come without masks or gloves and cough in to their hands then hand us stuff.
Yall should he reall Americans and drink cough syrup.
And almost always, he said, the deep thrust of the throat swab made patients cough or gag, spewing spit and mucus on him.
(cough,cough,cough,cough)
And if you are going to be around people that fall into a higher risk group simply don't cough in their face and keep your hands clean and I'm pretty sure everybody will get through it just fine.
just relax bro *cough cough hack wheeze*
I told them all that and about the lingering cough, but I was just told to rest.
Downvote my posts, stop watching the news and the media hype and just wash_your_hands and cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze.
I have heard from the covid-19 positive reddit that one of the few things that help people is homemade cough syrup with whiskey.
Only dry cough is a symptom, not a wet/productive cough.
We have a toddler who has a productive cough, and everyone looked at us as if we were evil.
I got it from a friend who I didn’t touch or share drinks with and who was over his cough by the time we hung out.
I did laugh that he wheeled himself in and then proceeded to lick his finger several times, touch his face a couple times, and then cough directly on his hand.
The vast majority are nothing more than a cough — more than 80% of cases according to the WHO.
Go run out and lick some sneeze guards at the golden corral then.
Well some people are going to golf ranges where you’re in close contact with everyone else there, even if they are 6_feet or more away, a sneeze and a nice breeze go a long way.
I did sneeze uncontrollably on the left nostril, but it was not uncomfortable, just tickling when being turned.
I am also sure you don't pick your buggers and wipe them on the person next to you, nor sneeze without covering your mouth, nor suck your thumb and touch every reachable surface.
Walked through BJs in Clearwater and watched a white trash lady with yellow kakies lower her mask and sneeze on all packages of food as she walked every isle doing it and no one cared.
They help prevent spread, like covering your face before you sneeze.
When you sneeze liquid sprays out.
The funny thing is, I was convinced the kids would start coming home with runny_noses the first few days back, but so far our son hasn’t even had a sneeze.
A sneeze releases some viruses, flu covid, into the air thus making them airborne.
Individuals who sneeze at those wages... guess what time it is?
When other grocery stores took extreme measures to protect employees, they put up narrow sneeze guards in front of cashiers and that is it.
FYI- some grocery stores aren’t even putting up the sneeze guards for their employees (looking at you Harris Teeter) so at least they’re doing that :/
Yes, but the sneeze guards Publix put up are pretty narrow and therefore ineffective.
Not physics and biology 101 common sense, if i touch fire common sense says that will hurt, or if i piss into the wind im going to get wet, or if i sneeze an airborne virus into 7-10 mph wind it will travel further than 6 ft type common sense.
I don't need the government to tell me to wash my hands and not sneeze on other people!
If they sneeze, it shoots it down at like 100 mph.
Mid sneeze my brain decided that shifting the sneeze suspicions away is a super smart play.
So before the sneeze can even taper off and somehow still in the same breath I quickly exclaim..
There are a few ways to get that, and they don't include walking through a sneeze.
Sneeze; Something's got to give.
Should we start charging people with manslaughter when they sneeze?
; however, pre-COVID-19 people would scathe at you for not covering your mouth when you sneeze bc common sense (backed by science) says that’s how disease is spread.
People still sneeze, and move around.
Sneeze on them.
The joke is pre-k students almost always need help washing their hands after they sneeze, use the restroom, before they eat and they touch everything.
I’ll take my mask of and sneeze, then follow it up with a good ol, “I’m sorry, I couldn’t hear you... what did you say?
They put in sneeze guards to protect their employees and have "social_distancing" announcements.
Someone with Covid go sneeze in his face please.
People sneeze.
Sadly, a lot of people in Texas, Florida, Arizona and some other states are now finding out that the virus wasn't a Democrat "Hoax" (Sean Hannity) or "the common cold" (Rush Limbaugh) after all.
The common cold has an R0 of \~2.5, meaning that COVID-19, according to preliminary information, is over 2x more contagious.
Certainly, contrary to popular (reddit) belief, there are much larger groups of communities willing to risk some common cold to go out and be able to make a living.
"At room temperature, a coronavirus responsible for the common cold (HCoV-229E) persisted significantly longer in 50% humidity than 30% humidity.
Trump and DeSantis both drank the Hannity (Democrat Hoax!) and Rush Limbaugh (It's the common cold!) Kool-aid and now we will all have to pay for it.
Yeah Karen, the common cold is exactly like coronavirus.
Then he only gave off what I could consider a literal "reeeee" sound and stumbled over his words while shouting things like "no different than the common cold", "democrat hoax", etc.
Trump and DeSantis both drank the Hannity (Democrat Hoax!) and Rush Limbaugh (It's the common cold!) Kool-aid and now we all have to pay for it.
Unfortunately, a lot of people in Texas and Florida are now finding out that the virus wasn't a "Democrat Hoax" (Sean Hannity) or "the common cold" (Rush Limbaugh) after all.
I tested positive for covid and to me it still does feel very much like the common cold so many people are right in thinking so too.
You were downvoted most likely because current evidence is pointing to this virus becoming endemic like the common cold.
I’m curious about this as well because the CDC said that positive antibody_test could signify the person having *any* kind of coronavirus, including the one that causes the common cold.
However, there is a chance a positive result means that you have antibodies from an infection with a virus from the same family of viruses (called coronaviruses), such as the one that causes the common cold.
Will they be more susceptible to other illness, for instance how will they handle their next common cold?
That includes the common cold, and the original SARS, that has been under research for 15 years?
My mother currently lives with me and she is severely immune-compromised to the point where a common cold sends her to the ER for oxygen treatments and rounds of steroids.
This is why you are not immune to the common cold (side from the fact that the "common cold is a variety of coronaviruses, rhinoviruses, and other viruses).
This isn't the common cold, it's more serious than that and you trying to down-play it as though the only risk here is of a small number of elderly people dying is irresponsible at best.
We HAVE to get outside and develop immunity or we will all die front the common cold!!
It's not a common cold, it's a contagious pathogen at this time that just has no cure unfortunately.
Again you're just treating it like it's a common cold.
Even the healthcare system is in financial ruins as a result of this, I have medical professionals in my family, one of them is a triage nurse, they are slammed in the ER, but not with people dying as a result of the Coronavirus, but with a bunch of healthy people that have been told by our government to go to the emergency room if they are  presenting symptoms that could be a common cold or a viral infection that should be treated at home.
The strain that causes the common cold we remain immune from 1-3 years.
Some other viruses, like the common cold and flu, spread more during cold weather months but that does not mean it is impossible to become sick with these viruses during other months.
Trying to control this virus is like trying to control the flu or the common cold.
The common cold can be transmitted in warm climates, but not as well.
Because from what I’ve personally seen, they all treat it as if it’s some common cold.
There is NO perfect response to an out of control virus that is spreading faster than the common cold.
This is a global pandemic we are dealing with, not the common cold.
People still catch the common cold and the flu, and given the overlapping of symptoms, it can be difficult to tell what you have without the actual test.
The common cold doesnt get this much attention nor does the damn flu because they have been around forever, this is something new that not even the worlds best doctors have any conclusions about  Were dealing with natural progression in infectious diseases that FUCKING NO ONE was prepared for.
It's not that, it's a relative of the common cold.
You've heard the phrase "no cure for the common cold?" Well there could be no cure for the common coronavirus either.
You've heard the phrase "no cure for the common cold?"
There's no cure for the common cold because there is no one virus that causes it, there are *hundreds* of different strains of viruses that cause cold symptoms.
While we're at it, it's not a relative of the common cold—that's like saying steak is a relative to hunger.
And the common cold isn't fatal.
I'll just tell my boss... who says the Coronavirus is "no big deal", "just a common cold", "a big hoax", and best of all "just an excuse the younger generation is using to not do any real work"... that I'm not going to come into work for the next few weeks as I'm afraid of getting sick and giving that illness to my elderly parents or fiance with underlying health issues.
At this point, it's very very likely that most people have flu or a common cold.
So that means you would be positive for antibodies if you’ve had the common cold earlier this year and not assuming it’s from COVID-19?
Highest number of positive results of a faulty test that doesn’t diagnose Covid-19 but only detects Corona-type viruses, including the common cold.
So is the common cold.
Common cold doesn't kill 140k people in 5 months, genius.
Common cold hasn't killed 147,290 people in less than five months.
BTW,  it looks like the total number of deaths from the common cold from 1979-2014 was around 18,000.
"Dem hoax" Hannity and "common cold" Limbaugh should be tarred and feathered!
There is no herd immunity anywhere in the world, and evidence is mounting that natural herd immunity may not even be possible with this coronavirus, just as it's turned out to be impossible for the four coronaviruses that cause the common cold around the world.
Sadly, a lot of people in Texas, Florida, and some other red states are now finding out that the virus wasn't a Democrat "Hoax" (Sean Hannity) or "the common cold" (Rush Limbaugh) after all.
Sadly, a lot of people in Texas, Florida, and other red states are now finding out that the virus wasn't a Democrat "Hoax" (Sean Hannity) or "the common cold" (Rush Limbaugh) after all.
or "Common Cold" and admitting that the virus is real and killing people.
The other kind of coronavirus that routinely affects humans are the family of coronaviruses that cause the common cold.
We have herd immunity to the common cold, because enough people have been infected with it to prevent infections from growing exponentially - instead, we have a stable baseline infection rate that maintains this herd immunity among new members of the population and old people whose immunity is wearing off.
Nobody should have reacted differently to that than they did to the common cold because it's technically true that it is possible to catch both from others?
One of the few other coronaviruses that affects people is a family of viruses that cause the common cold in humans.
It may be that in the end the vaccine turns coronavirus into no more than a common cold in terms of impact on health.
Experts have said that the odds of creating a successful vaccine are the same as the odds of creating a successful vaccine for all of the various types of flu that kill tens of thousands every year, or even the common cold, for that matter.
It doesn't happen with the other coronaviruses that infect humans, which is why the common cold is so common.
The test can ring positive for the common cold.
All the dumbasses on my NextDoor tell me it's just the common cold and besides stay at home is unconstitutional.
We know that there are many other virus'(common cold) that it doesn't last for more than a period of weeks.
I have a feeling this virus is practically if HIV was transmittable as the common cold.
There is so far no evidence of that and many viruses, like the common cold (15% of which is a different Coronavirus) dont.
Coronaviruses cause the common cold and they circulate frequently.
The symptoms that he described are the exact same as the common cold.
Theyll totally provide me with all the nutrients I need to survive a virus that is in the same family as the common cold and only truly endangers people above the age of 50 or those with compromised immune systems.
With the common cold, once you have it you are forever immune to it.
The problem is that there are over two hundred varieties of viruses that cause the common cold, both coronaviruses and rhinoviruses.
You'd have to get all 200+ to develop permanent immunity to the common cold.
That's why there's no vaccine for the common cold, you'd have to get a couple hundred shots and each vaccine would cost tens of millions to create and you'd have to pay probably $50 per shot.
If you have an unexplained headache, add some electrolytes to a big water bottle and force yourself to drink it.
Could I just stop with the headache of trying to figure out state payments and just receive CARES act money—I can’t speak to anyone when I call, when I do speak to someone they’re polite but have absolutely no idea how to help me.
There's no reason I shouldn't be eligible and this whole thing is just a massive headache.
I know for myself I’m weighing how much of a headache it is and if navigating it is even worth it if there’s no guarantee I would even continue receiving money or not be met with delays or denials.
This has been such a headache.
But a return envelope would have made this less of a headache.
this shit is starting to give me a constant headache.
You people give me such a fucking headache.
it just hit her with chest pain and unbearable headache.
Headache is one typical symptom.
Stayed home from work today because I woke up with a headache, body fatigue, and an upper res.
Headache and sniffles Saturday or Sunday?
Not showing up will make you truant and open you up to a ton of trouble and headache.
He does not want that super headache 🤕
its becoming a headache to deal with this.
Start having symptoms, coughing, say you have a terrible headache, pains all over, etc.
Sure, you'd be waiting but if you have a cushion to get through that waiting period it won't be as much of a headache.
Coughing, headache, and sore throat.
I also had the worst headache of my life for 15 days, I was so dang scared.
I've had the worst headache of my entire life for over 14 days now.
My doctor couldnt figure out my headache... I tried so many things until he told me to try 2 Aleves, x2 a day.
It got a bit better but I still have unusual, more severe headache pain on and off STILL.
I’m on day 5 right now and I’ve had a headache on migraine level for 2 days, it hurts to walk to the bathroom as I’m so fatigued that my muscles just don’t have it.
They give basic press release statements to the media and DeSantis seemed to be clueless and it ultimately causes just as much headache as more applications are filled out for the staff to go through.
headache, coughing, nose congestion, running a little hot.
Got a huge headache, but yeah, I got it.
Man but what a freaking headache this is!!
Couldn't get out of bed, horrible chest pain, coughing like crazy, sore throat & headache.
But a headache finding a new job.
Not stuffy or runny or a headache.
It's like me going into the hospital and demanding an MRI because I have a headache.
I’m vomiting and have a headache.
Before it was obivously quicker and easier to leave a message but it's a ridiculous phone tag setup and a huge headache.
Calling would probably be a quicker way to make it happen, but obviously more hold time and a bit of a headache.
Good luck and I’m sorry you are dealing with this headache!
That headache cold / flu was kind of weird, but not that bad.
Despite the headache I have from constantly banging my head against the wall in situations like these, I have to hypnotize myself into believing *no one* is a lost cause-even if I’m not the one to reach them.
Sounds like a headache to me ha.
Hauling around the battery which can act as a structural part of the vehicle and give me a lower center of gravity vs a several hundred pound engine which has to be torsionally, vibrationally, thermally, environmentally, and sonically isolated from the cab and can still make the vehicle loud and noxious enough to give you a headache if exposed to it for too long.
you get a headache, LOL.
When I went to the ER due to asphyxiation the staff put me in the COVID area because I had shortness_of_breath - not because of my skin color or economic status.
I have issues with shortness_of_breath and have  since I was a teenager.
At no point has the CDC ever advised symptomatic people to seek out medical care from the ER directly unless the virus presents with shortness_of_breath, chest pain, difficulty_breathing, etc.
I’ve had a lingering sore throat and shortness_of_breath for the past two weeks and at first I wrote it off because I thought it might have something to do with the dust cloud over Florida or the fact that I was taking care of my mothers cat for the Fourth of July weekend, but despite running most days of the week it’s still kind of lingering.
I cancelled a dentist appointment today since I was in the ER yesterday for a Covid scare (shortness_of_breath with chest pain).
Yeah, I started with shortness_of_breath on Monday then by Wednesday morning I had multiple symptoms.
Just feel exhausted at times and shortness_of_breath.
Started with shortness_of_breath about Sunday or Monday, Tuesday I had a slight tickle in my throat.
shortness_of_breath but i thought that was just because of my anxiety because i been reading about the coronavirus so much.
Symptoms include shortness_of_breathe from relentless hysterical laughter and extreme mania induced by a reckoning of Haha-government-Reagan-circle-jerking fifty years in the making.
She still gets shortness_of_breath from doing simple things like laundry.
If you're having shortness_of_breath you're told to contact your health provider.
Several of them were described as unable to walk due to shortness_of_breath so clearly they should have been hospitalized on oxygen.
Is your shortness_of_breath heart or lung related, etc.
Well does a patient with shortness_of_breath have the flu, COVID, asthma, COPD, a heart problem, a panic attack, etc?
There IS a problem with surfactant, a fluid that helps the lungs adhere to the chest wall so that they "pull open" when you breathe, and that's where SOME of the shortness_of_breath comes from - the lungs "falling away" from the chest wall on inspiration and not expanding/inhaling.
Wait allergies can cause difficulty_breathing and shortness_of_breath too?
If you have difficulty_breathing and die because COVID made it more difficult to breathe, you died from COVID.
I have an elderly neighbor that has difficulty_breathing and mentioned he finds it difficult to wear masks that restrict his breathing.
My bf’s nephew is serving there and has a 105 temp and difficulty_breathing—waiting for testing.
Nearly 100% of people will experience no difficulty_breathing with a mask.
I feel like its a kind of fatigue.
I was denied testing because I only had the fatigue as a symptom.
Probable due to corona fatigue.
Im in Queens myself, so I can understand the fatigue of it all.
It won't be a few days with fatigue, it progresses pretty quickly.
Quarantine fatigue is really getting to people so they want things to go back regardless of the issues.
Permanent damage to lung capacity, blood clots, depression, chronic fatigue syndrome, etc.
So much fatigue from winning.
Random bouts of fatigue.
Fevers with chills, coughing, fatigue.
She told me has experienced very high fevers, constant sweats, and serious fatigue.
I'm pretty sure wearing a mask in public is exactly the same as being disappeared into an unmarked van by fatigue wearing "police" for the nefarious crime of peacefully protesting.
People who have "recovered" from Covid still report long-term health effects, including continuing respiratory issues, excessive fatigue, persistent loss of smell and taste, elevated heart rate, etc.
COVID symptoms can include dry coughing, headaches, sore throat, runny and/or stuffed nose, sneezing and fatigue.
A lot of people got crisis fatigue over COVID, a relatively invisible, microscopic plague that plays out behind closed hospital doors.
That number is supposed to be high, always around 80-90% to ensure no fatigue.
It’s led to TDS fatigue and when actual criticism is legit, it’s just gets blended into the constant fake BS.
Came back to Venice and within 10 days started feeling shitty, sore throat then coughing.
i would gargle in warm salt water if u have a sore throat.
I have a sore throat and I'm not sure if it's sinuses, allergies, corona, or just my anxiety taking me for a ride.
My manager was told to stay home because he had a sore throat so now I have both of our hours.
I had a sore throat on my day off.
Teachers put for 14 days every time they get a sore throat.
I stayed sick the entire school year with low grade fevers, coughs, sore throat, or stomach symptoms.
My symptoms lasted about 5 days and then I had a runny_nose and on and off sore throat that last two weeks or so.
I had a runny_nose and I’d say my lung capacity feel likes it’s at 90% but I wouldn’t have realized I had it as I get allergies anyway.
My symptoms seem to match 90% to that of the "first british" guy that got the virus and explained his symptoms, but everything else is telling me if you have a stuffy/runny_nose then you likely don't have it.
There was no runny_nose or typical cold symptoms..
Yes - my typical seasonal allergy symptoms plus pretty severe body aches, constant runny_nose, headaches..etc.
No runny_nose or anything.
I praised Allah Buddha and Jesus when I had a runny_nose and phlegm, crazy times.
I know my coughing, watery eyes and occasionally runny_nose is purely a sign that spring is arriving.
I don't believe that a runny_nose is a symptom of Covid-19.
And runny_nose is not listed as a symptom on the CDC website.
I heard you don’t get a runny_nose from having covid-19 though... like if you do have a runny_nose, then you absolutely can’t have it.
No runny_nose, no sneezing.
If someone in Houston caught Coronavirus right now they might also be experiencing allergy symptoms and have a runny_nose but it wouldn’t be caused by the virus.
Threw up and had light-heartedness, body aches and nausea from wearing a mask.
According to the food safety poster at my old job, I wasn't allowed to do food service if I had diarrhea or nausea.
I also have severe nausea and bathroom issues.
And just within the last few days now I have nausea, a slight lack of appetite, and bathroom problems.
Tremors, intense nausea, high heart rate, and horrible anxiety.
Then came the diarrhea and vomiting I wasn't able to hold anything down not even water.
Probably vomiting with meth heads in a hotel after a wedding in Miami.
He was vomiting too much to respond to emergency responders on scene attending to the guy who *was* OD'ing.
Today two people call out because of vomiting and diarrhea one of them was throwing up in the parking lot the day before so as to not alert anyone they were sick and avoid missing out on hours.
Everybody on that beach knowingly has it, everybody on that beach is purposely spitting, touching, coughing, sneezing vomiting, shitting on items others are touching and breathing in.
We should have voted for the guy who was just caught with meth, pills, and gay dudes in a Miami hotel while vomiting and unable to speak.
I know of several people who've had respiratory illness locally - one of them even went to the ER with pneumonia, another was dry coughing so much they were vomiting and their throat closing up - yet they cannot get tested since they do not have a travel history or contact with a known case.
That family of coronaviruses is not unique in conferring short-term immunity either, another virus notorious for that is norovirus, that's the one infamous for causing vomiting outbreaks on cruise ships.
[Trump shares tweet that argues face_masks represent 'silence, slavery, and social death'
face_masks won't prevent the spread of COVID, basically the only thing that will is never going out and not interacting which isn't sustainable.
The mayor of Prescott did not  even issue a mandate for use of face_masks to help prevent the spread of the virus within the city.
Some of the shops required face_masks but it was pointless with how many people were mingling in the square.
If you really want to spend time with your family then ask them all to wear a face_mask at all times and have plenty of soap and sanitizer on hand.
Always wear your face_mask no matter what.
 19,00 reusable face_masks for election workers.
 160,000 disposable face_masks for voters.
In all seriousness, this is disappointing that he doesn't implement mandatory face_masks when in public spaces.
I recommend you to wear a face_mask.
First of all a face_mask is so you don’t transmit it to others.
face_masks may reduce COVID-19 spread by 85%, WHO-backed study suggests.
Wearing a face_mask can reduce coronavirus transmission by up to 75%, study says.
face_masks at Home Reduce COVID-19 Risk, Study Says.
Physical distancing, face_masks, and eye protection to prevent person-to-person transmission of SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Maybe the ones who cry that wearring a face_mask and social_distancing is unconstitutional found ya.
I’ve heard people imply that having to wear face_masks is a violation of constitutional rights, there’s no way they’re gonna stay put and shut up ever again.
I already see folks at my frys wearing face_mask only covering there mouth but not their nose.
In late March, Honeywell announced it was adding manufacturing capabilities in Phoenix to produce N95 face_masks in support of the government’s response to the new coronavirus, which causes the disease COVID-19.
Etsy face_masks.
I have been seeing more people wear face_masks and gloves at the grocery store, which is good, but I’ve also seen parking lots packed with cars.
The schools “will encourage students, teachers, and bus drivers to wear masks… wearing a face_mask is a personal choice….”
Self isolate and wear a face_mask.
I've noticed face_masks have become quite politicised in the US, which seems bizarre me because it's the social_distancing and lockdown that's more important.
Well IMO future Disney movies and media in general should have characters wearing face_masks so that it is made a societal norm.
The face_masks have become politicized for no real reason.
Additionally, there has been no statewide mandate regarding face_masks.
If a person with a disability is not able to wear a face_mask, state and local government agencies and private businesses must consider reasonable modifications to a face_mask policy so that the person with the disability can participate in, or benefit from, the programs offered or goods and services that are provided.
It is one thing to publically announce face_mask requirements.
Hearing that loon explain why face_masks are dangerous rolls my eyes so hard.
Saw a guy in publix with a trump 2020 face_mask, and was like at least this dude halfway gets it.
I haven’t had a single Karen say what their “medical condition” is that they can’t wear a face_mask.
We should make mandatory wearing face_masks.
Come on people wear your face_masks.
His argument against face_masks is it violates the laws of privacy?
Plus their populace doesn’t throw tantrums over simple things like face_masks.
My grandpa is 93 has pulmonary fibrosis and a host of other medical issues and still has no problem wearing a face_mask when he has to go out to the doctor.
Tbf getting a haircut at a barbershop with a face_mask on is still risky... right?
We have had a face_mask requirement for about a month in 7 counties.
Do face_masks really work?
My state has a face_mask mandate, and our bars will never reopen as far as I can tell.
Marc Benioff: face_masks can end the U.S.
Second - I wear a n95 face_mask when I leave the house.
My job requires face_masks and safety goggles and a mask.
He could require face_masks to be worn instead of kicking it off to local officials.
Businesses didn't want to repeat the shutdown, so they pushed face_masks for everyone the second time around.
Those who have devolved can be identified in the field by the lack of a face_mask, tacky American flag themed garb and the unmistakable call of "muh freedoms!" It has yet to be determined whether this phenomena is a result of the individuals' failure to adapt to changing environmental conditions or if this is an unidentified contagion.
They believe face_masks *cause* coronavirus, not prevent it.
Whew, finally, no law about face_masks.
I don't need no stinkin law to tell me I need a face_mask.
i don’t get how self centered you can be to not stay 6_feet apart, let alone wear a face_mask.
If we can’t compel people to wear a face_mask there is no chance of getting them to take the vaccine.
I'm not talking about N-95 masks.** I'm talking about a regular ear loop face_mask, aka a surgical mask, and cloth masks.
[Here's a source](explaining that while N-95 masks can effect blood oxygen, regular face_masks do not.
Your plans include visiting Brevard county, so please understand that the commissioners there voted against a face_mask mandate, under the pressure of many covid19 deniers in that area.
face_masks are mind control devices and discriminate against G-d’s beautifully designed respiratory system!
Now we got a serious national security and a disaster that could potentially ruin the economy and kill millions and were arguing face_masks as a civil liberty violations?
The CDC informed them since they were taking temps of all employees, face_masks were required, and they were doing hourly sanitation that nothing more was required.
Costco has a face_mask required policy.
Use of face_mask indoors whenever there is one or more people that is not part of your immediate family (living with you).
face_masks are not political.
Fort Lauderdale beach has livestreams you can watch all the time, and I went to the portal yesterday expecting to see a bunch of idiots out on the beach protesting the closure/face_masks.
The study found that in households where everyone was wearing a face_mask indoors as a precaution before they knew anyone who lived there was sick, the risk of transmission was cut by 79%.
Her bosses actually **banned** face_masks from her office.
What does that have to do with face_masks?
The tweet from the surgeon general is outdated as he literally tweeted an hour ago about the importance of face_masks.
[CDC](Lists 17 recent, scientific, references that convinced them to take a stance for wearing face_masks.
They have a whole bunch of articles related to wearing face_masks for COVID, since "having a whole bunch of articles" is kind of a big part of what they do.
[Here's the first one I found](In short: "Controlling a respiratory infection at source using a face_mask is a well-established strategy," and, "we strongly advocate universal use of face_masks as a means of source control in public places during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Just to see what the other side of the coin is saying, I employed "googling worst-practices," using an intentionally biased google search: "Why face_masks don't work." Notice the difference between how my two searches were phrased?
At the end of the day, my conclusion is that *even if* cloth face_masks are only 5% effective, why not spend the $5 dollars?
They’re mandating face_masks as well here, but they are signs on the doors only.
I actually canceled all my vacations in Orlando specifically because the face_mask requirements.
It’s funny that conservative trolls don’t understand that transmission is minimal with the face_masks they refuse to wear.
I just wanted to say that face_masks and standing farther apart is not really an infringement on your rights, so much as a way to chip in and help your community and fellow Floridians.
My advice was really just for anyone who is resistant to wearing face_masks, but I see your point.
Restaurants have reopened, face_masks in public are required in many places and we have only dozens if not hundreds of new infections.
you get a call from your 3rd grade teacher saying now Bobby put your face_mask on.
Nothing is going to change other than mandatory face_masks and we can only hope the Govenor enforce it.
HOW ABOUT FUCKING MANDATORY face_maskS!
So when he must give order to wear face_masks statewide sometimes the end of September he will send out a janitor from the cityhall to announce it and will blame it on everyone else, but himself.
Gainesville/Alachua county has a mandatory face_mask mandate but you’re lucky if 30% of people are wearing them depending on where you are in the county.
Here in Lakeland the mayor has tried to get a face_mask ordinance twice but no commissioner will even bring it to a vote.
There are actually quite a few studies done in working while wearing a face_mask and nothing seems to point to it being a significant factor.
As u/Boxboy7 correctly pointed out, Trump has explicitly signaled that people wearing face_masks are his enemy.
Seen in this way, face_masks are sort of the ideal expression of loyalty to certain social groups in today's society.
face_masks are a very visible marker, they are literally worn on the face, the seat of our identity.
Refusing to wear a face_mask is extremely visible and incurs the risk of getting a debilitating disease and is thus an extremely powerful loyalty test.”
There are many professions that wear face_masks all day.
I think the best case scenario to make the "most" happy is strict enforcement of face_mask and social_distancing.
Masks aside, gloves, face_masks, frequent sanitizing, etc (the rest of the guidelines) are still going to make an impact, if not at large then on a personal level.
We can only hope mayors all over Florida follow Tampa's mayor as an example and start enforcing mandatory face_mask since our Governor is doing nothing of the sort.
I'm being stupidly optimistic but that's only because mayors are finally NOT paying our Governor no mind and have been talking about enforcing mandatory face_mask.
Drink lots of water and don’t forget your face_mask.
You’re required to wear your face_mask for 5 seconds walking to your table then you take it off.
The shop is located inside a mall and even though the mall has been opened for a few weeks now, it doesn't get very crowded and most of the shops are still closed or require face_masks before entering.
Wearing a face_mask won't kill you.
No one was mandating face_masks.
So yeah I will be wearing a face_mask to protect all the grandmas that cross my path.
Between selfish Floridian's needing haircuts and whining about face_masks, and cops killing people for no good reason, we were doomed from the start.
Everything operates at reduced hours and face_masks are mandatory in all indoor public areas.
Perhaps wearing face_masks *l i k e  everyone h e r e* pays off.
face_masks help prevent spit droplets from your breath (which may be carrying the virus) to spread as far which helps protect those around you.
This is why we need everyone to wear a face_mask properly, regularly wash their hands thoroughly, use hand_sanitizer when washing hands is not available, maintain 6ft between people, and don't touch their faces to help prevent the spread of the virus.
Everyone should be wearing face_masks.
And what everyone is complaining about is that people are being careless and stupid not using face_masks, not keeping social_distancing and ignoring the virus like that’s gonna make it disappear.
This includes wearing: gloves, face_mask, and indirect vented eye wear when going into crowded areas like a store.
There have just been [two]([studies](that came out in the past 3 days demonstrating that face_masks are some of the most effective ways of preventing the spread of the virus.
What's so frigging hard about putting on a damn face_mask?
I think people are still following the face_mask policy well here in South Florida.
Every time I go to Publix, everyone is wearing face_masks.
Still wearing my face_mask, still being careful, but since my antibody_test came back negative I know it’ll catch me down the line.
face_mask at all time in July in Florida, cool.
Never mind in July heat with a face_mask on.
I'm a bartender that was told, face_masks are optional when we return.
Beachgoers weren’t wearing face_masks either in one picture.
My mom mentioned some stores still require face_masks upon entry.
They're telling you to keep your distance from other people and to wear a  face_mask in public.
Under the 'explain the efforts you made to remove the restriction affecting your availability for work' I put a cheeky "spread the good word of hand hygine and proper face_mask usage".
They use face_masks as part of their culture of being afraid of viruses.
Agree that a large number of people in US are anti face_mask  which btw happened in San Francisco during Spanish flu.
Nothing better for your health than wearing a face_mask in a 90 degree Florida humid heat!
You won’t die from covid but you’ll get nice Aspergillosis from wearing a face_mask in a warm, high humidity environment!
All my neighbors look at me like I'm crazy for wearing a face_mask and gloves.
I love the limited re-openings, the 25% capacity cap, the continued social_distancing, the recommendation to abide by CDC policy of wearing face_masks.
Hopefully, along the way, he'll actually learn how to wear a face_mask and put gloves on.
You want to force people to wear face_masks.
Forcing people to wear face_masks.
And I'm not quite sure what happened in the last few weeks that has suddenly made liberals absolutely obsessed with face_masks, but it's like out of a dystopian novel.
Obsessed with face_masks?
face_masks are recommended for all those in face-to-face interactions and where you can't social_distance.
Hell atleast Newsome knows how to put on a damn face_mask.
Everyone needs to do what they are comfortable with our family will still wear face_masks in public places, and continue to stay at home as much as possible.
face_masks are going to be the way of life for at least the next year.
As I update my budget for the rest of the year, I have finally succumbed to adding face_masks.
QQ: Where do y'all get your face_masks?
Then all restaurants must force their employees to wear face_masks and gloves.
true, i am still wearing my face_masks and i am limiting myself to one visit a week to the grocery store.
I still see some idiots out there, but for the most part people are social_distancing and using face_masks.
I got no rage, bro, but I was about to link you to studies on the efficacy of face_masks; then I remembered you're just some internet rando to me and not my problem.
Rivkees told reporters that Floridians needed to get used to current precautions, such as avoiding crowds of 10 or more and wearing face_masks in public.
He specifically said avoid crowds of 10 or more, wear face_masks in public, personal hygiene.
and the rest have to use face_mask at all times?, You develop a cold and you're immediately sent home, and cannot come back until you get a doctor saying you good.
I was in Wawa the other day and the same message about Covid-19 procedures was playing over and over again through the speakers and everyone in the place was wearing a face_mask.
Some places even have fines as high as $1,000 if you are not wearing a face_mask in public.And others like Florida where the governor could care less is kind of a free-for-all.
Creative Loafing Tampa Bay recently spoke with Publix employees, who say they’ve been sent home for wearing face_masks because they might “scare away customers.”
My mom is making  homemade face_masks for us rn.
Wear a face_mask around them if you’re afraid of infecting them, or keep them in one part of the house and you stay in another part of the house.
Asian civilians wore face_masks regularly even before this and already do a lot of remote/online work as well.
3D printing masks are super tricky when it comes to properly sealing and disinfecting which is why a lot of 3D printer owners have moved to producing face_masks!
you can make your own face_masks.
yeah, so the WHO and CDC kind of lied about that to prevent normies from stealing up all the face_masks and leaving medical professionals without.
If that is so, why is the usage of face_masks still discouraged?
A strip club in Florida is giving away face_masks to its customers to prevent spread of COVID-19.
we have 3 cases now and I think I’ve only seen one person wearing a face_mask, so far.
just a normal face_mask not like these in the pic.
But if you're in a low risk category for falling seriously ill and you're not at risk for infecting someone in a high risk category, make an informed risk assessment, follow all the safety procedures that are recommended (face_masks, hand washing, etc.) and proceed with caution.
The truth of the matter is, I'm wearing a face_mask every time I go out, I wash my hands extensively, I leave the kids at home, I don't go out for unnecessary items (HEB or WalMart only, maybe the liquor store).
He chose to rush the reopening and ban local governments from enforcing face_masks and social_distancing, therefore he is responsible for the spike that started in June.
I caught COVID within an hour at the gym while wearing gloves and a face_mask.
The state can enforce vaccination, much less wearing face_masks.
Always point them here when I see people arguing about face_masks being unconstitutional, also the US issued fines during the Spanish flu for not wearing face_masks so it’s nothing new.
Isn’t not wearing face_masks in public illegal?
This is the same Ted Cruz I saw a picture of this morning not wearing a face_mask on a plane, right?
In his response, Dickey said the party planned to limit entry points, use thermal scans, create space for social_distancing, place hand_sanitizer stations in the center and provide attendees with face_masks.
create space for social_distancing, place hand_sanitizer stations in the center and provide attendees with face_masks.
You don't hear it from the media, but many GOP senators are pushing face_masks and actively wearing them in public.
Way too many people don't know how to wear a frickin face_mask.
They are more comfortable than face_masks and still pass the blow test.
To think that all the students and adults at a campus will respect the face_mask, social_distancing, and sanitizing guidelines is naive at best and stupidity at worst.
The constitutionality of mandating face_masks was established in the case of [Jacobson v. Mass 1905](during a smallpox outbreak.
I have no commentary on face_masks.
If anyone is looking for face_masks, I cut them and my girlfriend sews them.
If I see you out without a face_mask, you’re no Texan of mine.
Thankfully halloween appropriate face_masks are being released too so I can goof off in style.
Does every surgeon that wears face_masks 12 hours at a time when doing surgery all pass out?
Not only did he not mandate it, he actively prevented cities from enforcing face_mask requirements.
Even though they have said on the record, they are not against face_masks, they elected to make it a personal choice instead of an obligation.
For Abbott to turn around after *two weeks* of counties bitching about this restriction and *finally* say "Oh, well... uh... you can still require businesses to require face_masks!" despite that pretty much going directly against the actual wording of what he said is absurd.
Was it the lady that was throwing shit out her shopping cart for being asked to wear a face_mask?
We had toilet paper shortages, for crying out loud, do you really think people would have been reasonable about buying face_masks if the CDC said they were useful for preventing spread?
In the US, the CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) does not recommend face_masks for people unless they are healthcare workers, sick, or taking care of someone that is sick.
Similarly, the WHO (World Health Organization) directs that face_masks don’t really prevent healthy people from getting infected from viruses.
However, according to a study on the SARS epidemic, during the SARS epidemic one study found that 0% healthcare workers that wore a surgical face_mask or respirator got infected (7% of those who wore a DIY paper mask did get infected).
I ran into a grocery store in Plano, Texas just yesterday and had two middle aged women tell me if I turned off my 5G I wouldn’t need to wear my face_mask anymore (no, they were not joking sadly).
Any idea if Smith County is making us wear face_masks around?
If he had slowed the reopening based on actually numbers and enforced face_masks, or at least allowed counties to enforce, we probably aren't here today.
O yes maybe by then people that are mostly efficiented by covid the elderly, the ones that majority have face_masks and are afraid to die.
At this point we all just need to hope they pull their you know what out of where and issue a mandatory face_mask policy state wide.
Are we not gonna talk about the close proximity protesting without face_masks?
In some of the counties where cases and hospitalizations have swelled, local officials have scaled back requirements to wear face_masks in public amid rebellion.
In Fresno county, a face_mask rule was in place for a day before it was pulled back.
In Orange county, the top health officer resigned after being harassed and receiving death threats over her countywide face_mask order.
Letting the face_masks become a gop loyalty test was our undoing.
[Ventura]([Riverside]([San Bernardino](and [Orange](are all counties that have fought against the use of face_masks and other measures to control the spread of the virus.
Orange County’s chief health officer resigned after getting death threats for defending her face_mask order.
The face_mask order was rescinded after she left.
This was avoidable, and our governor, or lt governor, and AG made it a political stand to fight face_masks.
I think that, at least from this response, you’re good natured and don’t mean ill will, but the problem is people will see this as confirmation of their bias (overblown hype), and not worry about face_masks, social_distancing, etc.
face_mask use could result in a large reduction in risk of infection, with stronger associations with N95 or similar respirators compared with disposable surgical masks or similar.
[Even back in early April, we could find find studies strongly supporting the use of face_masks to prevent spread of virus
Mayor of Port Aransas put out a mandate for face_masks that was supposed to start today.
Nothing I do except a full+on abandonment of my job to initiate a self-quarantine will prevent an asshole without a face_mask from coughing on me.
Just found out from fam that only coming this Friday big stores (HEB) are requiring face_masks.
face_masks stop the air and water droplets leaving your mouth from going very far.
You got something right there, the face_masks are not supposed to replace social_distancing, and they don't protect you, but they protect the people around you (the cloth masks not the N-95s).
South Koreans are also psychotic about their face_masks too.
And there is still NO PLAN- no staggering of students or school openings, no way to social_distance in packed classrooms and schools, no required face_masks, no testing, tracing, nothing.
The sooner we can learn to wear face_masks, or rather to accept that we must wear them, the sooner these spikes turn into blips.
face_mask!
Wear a face_mask!
Here's a June 2nd article instructing people to use face_masks while protesting:
It's your responsibility to put a face_mask on your face.
Part of the problem is face_masks are most effective at preventing someone who is contagious from spreading their germs as far as they would without one.
Apparently, that’s what is needed for face_masks too.
Are you going to ignore south korea’s success with face_masks?
He is rejecting mayors requests to require face_masks in public.
What about starting with mandatory face_masks?
Because face_masks are *checks notes* infringing on my rights!
In a move seemingly pulled from the pages of “The Wonderful Wizard of Oz,” Abbott announced that, actually, local governments had the power they needed all along to require face_masks, a proven method to curb the virus’ spread.
Especially in hard-hit, densely populated areas like New York City, at minimum, **everyone might need to wear face_masks in public to prevent the spread of virus-containing respiratory particles; public-transit riders may not be sitting shoulder to shoulder; diners at restaurants might need to be seated 6 ft.
It's really an apt comparison between seat belts and face_masks; seat belts didn't really become accepted until police started fining people for it consistently.
A biker as well as some other pedestrians passing them made face_mask gestures with their hands as they went by.
face_masks only help protect the identities of protests to a point.
Still doesn’t explain the total disregard for face_mask wear.
People aren't using this stuff correctly and seeing how a box of face_mask cost about $20 now they damn sure aren't changing out mask every day.
There are legit reasons that only the sick and those at high risk should be wearing face_mask.
I love DQ, but I haven’t seen one employee wearing a face_mask at our local DQ.
And we have ample evidence of people in armed marches upon state governments, protesting to end quarantine material such as face_mask recommendations.
I was surprised, my local chain had gloves and face_masks on all employees.
Also I refuse to wear face_masks and have any of my rights taken away.
refuse to wear face_masks and have any of my rights taken away.
Require face_masks, lock down the elderly and immunocompromised, start large scale antibody_testing so we know who’s already had it.
Cause drunk people that aren’t wearing face_masks will be super responsible.
Everyone wears a face_mask.
In a statement, STX Beef has said it is implementing extra safety precautions, including face_masks, face_shields, social_distancing measures in break rooms and other safety measures.
The sociopathic tendencies it must take to go about your life as normal without even wearing a face_mask because “I’m young and it won’t hurt me” is astounding.
You still need an appointment, if you want to make a cash transaction you'll need to go through the motor bank, you need to wear a face_mask over your mouth and nose the entire time you are in the bank, the security gate remains locked at all times, there can only be one client per banker in the bank, and you cannot wait in the breeze way area where the ATMs are for your appointment.
face_masks don't complement the restaurant group's style or level of hospitality.
I saw my doctor last month and everyone was wearing a full face_mask.
Get back to work with social_distancing and face_masks.
A basic and sensible precaution that one could take, which has shown a potential for success in other places, would be to require face_masks for retail and restaurant workers--and preferably customers--when reopening those establishments.
People were out ignoring max capacity rules, not wearing face_masks, not social_distancing.
While they did uphold the 6ft rule, no one was wearing face_masks.
Edit: Clarification that workers were indeed using face_masks.
Lol I love Torchy’s I just don’t like that people weren’t respectful of the face_mask ordinance.
I feel like that would go a long way in alleviating the fears many people have if a city was allowed to mandate face_masks, and enforce it.
Also face_masks are probably one of the top most effective ways to stifle transmission besides staying at home and social_distancing.
So small local governments were acting as “big government” when they passed the requirements to wear face_mask in public and the large state government were acting as “small government” when they removed these restrictions.
social_distancing + Wearing face_masks = V-shaped Recovery for our economy.
I need everyone's help in finding the best places to purchase face_masks.
Nobody complains about having to use seat belts in a car so why face_masks in a health emergency?
Parks are back open with face_mask usage.
Because of the face_mask thing I’m constantly touching my face to adjust it.
We are allowed to wear face_masks, and we are required to wear gloves at all times, and every time we have any amount of contact with a customer WE SANITIZE.
With distancing, sanitation, face_masks, etc we'll get through it.
Distancing, better sanitation, more work_from_home and maximum density regs in workplaces, more face_mask wearing regs.
Parks can open but you need a face_mask and no groups of 5 or more.
Why do you need a face_mask at a state park?
A face_mask is only necessary when people are in proximity to one another.
If you are hiking a trail 20 feet away from other people, you don’t need a face_mask.
If you watched the mayor and Travis county judge news conference this evening, they explained why the new face_mask rule is being implemented: there is an overwhelming consensus that it is working.
Requiring face_masks in response to a pandemic is no threat to democracy.
They have extended the policies and added a face_mask requirement because they know it’s the only weapon we have, and it’s working.
You asked why we need to continue the policies and you asked why a face_mask requirement was implemented.
That’s why we need the new face_mask policy.
Saw some woman on Facebook asking the governor to override this because it goes against her freedom not to wear a face_mask.
Someone send her a copy of the Constitution with every reference to her right to not wear a face_mask highlighted please.
I'm gonna wear a bandanna and also in been working on making homemade face_masks.
My wife made me a face_mask but it’s doubtful it will help much.
You have two options: quit and try your best to find a work at home job or go into work full hazmat - face_mask, gloves, tuck in your pants inside shoes - if your employer has a problem, they can just relax.
There was one professor who was infected while abroad, but since returning he has only been on campus once, only in one room in one building, and was wearing a face_mask at the time.
I am gunna have to brave the outdoors with a facemask to get to Pete's Fish and Chips just in case.
Other workers started wearing facemasks to protect themselves and patients.
My mother still lives there and last we spoke about masks was her making a big deal about facemasks.
Conspiracy theories about a pandemic, vaccines, facemasks etc in the middle of a pandemic where group cooperation are necessary to control the spread are dangerous and contributing to this dragging out and killing more people than it needs to.
I hate the lockdowns, I hate facemasks, I'm young and healthy and probably won't have adverse effects, and I just want to go talk to girls at bars again, but I acknowledge people who have been studying epidemiology for decades prob know what they're talking about and we should shut the fuck up and agree to just listen for now.
This power does not extend to the individual, but as businesses impose facemask requirements on their own, the need for further regulations will hopefully become less necessary over time.
None of us have problems wearing facemasks.
All of our doctors told us we need to wear facemasks when we go out.
Fiddle with facemask.
If there is another shut down- the people in charge need to have a press confrence where they call out the real issue- You have to actually take this serious, when it ends there will be a facemask requirement, and you should only be going out for necessities.
A simple guide to facemasks for simple people.
Turns out a simple facemask really isn't such an affront to "personal liberty" after all, is it?
give kids youth-sized lego-themed facemasks to wear, problem solved.
who knows when that will be our state mandated facemasks in March.
This has historical precedent, see the Anti-Facemask League that was formed as San Francisco dealt with the Spanish Flu in 1918.
"but we are going to wear facemasks!"
Why you should wear facemasks?
Maybe they could provide facemasks and hand_sanitizer to all the hookers?
And do you realize dentists make a living by working in people's mouths, which we're all trying to cover up with facemasks to stop the spread of a virus that spreads through coughing?
FACEMASKS!
That's why I've been adamant that we will only see family and friends by sitting outdoors while wearing facemasks.
you wouldnt be twisted about a facemask.
“You wouldnt be twisted about a facemask” says the fuck face who made the first comment about not wearing a facemask to begin this thread.
I haven't heard of any religion that forbids facemasks so requiring a facemask at places of worship wouldn't infringe on anyones 1st amendment rights.
He's at least willing to backtrack and re-close bars and require facemasks.
Can someone explain to me how facemasks are socialist?
Most importantly, explain to me how the facemasks  that the rest of the world is wearing, how they fit on a left/right political spectrum?
how facemasks are socialist?
Requiring facemasks nearly 3 1/2 months into this is "on the ball"?
It seems that it is encouraged to incentivize individuals to wear facemasks through regulating restaurants/retail/etc.
People who act like viruses only transmit in a crowd if a majority arent wearing facemasks.
shit loads of democrats are making decisions to not require facemasks and other "economic" related decisions.
A separate expert review by Professor MacIntyre published in the British Medical Journal earlier this month found that the lack of research on facemasks and respirators is reflected in varied and sometimes conflicting global policies and guidelines.
Jenny Harries, England's deputy chief medical officer, who has warned that it was not a good idea for the public to wear facemasks as the virus can get trapped in the material and causes infection when the wearer breathes in.
At no point since the pandemic started did I ever see more than 25% of people inside a grocery store wearing any form of PPE - and I will count a crude facemask made up of a piece of cloth when I say PPE.
When he said his order, talking specifically about phases and facemasks, superseded any county order.
In summary, our modelling analyses provide support for the immediate, universal adoption of facemasks by the public, similar to what has been done in Taiwan.
This is no worse than ~~9/11~~ ~~flu~~ ~~heart disease~~  We don't ban driving cars... You cant make wear a facemask because I am an umbilical.
HB has required facemasks for employees all along, they follow the city/state regulations other than that.
Do NOT use a facemask meant for a healthcare worker.
Nueces County Judge Barbara Canales will bring up an ordinance to mandate facemasks at this week's Commissioners Court meeting.
Why you should wear FaceMasks.
Trump has certainly not done himself or his hardcore base any favors by not wearing or promoting facemasks.
For science evolving, just googling 'COVID facemasks' gives this as the top response.
Another from June 9th, promoting protest-themed facemasks.
like, is it gonna kill you to wear facemasks in the office even though we are spaced out decently?
You make post on anarchy but follow government rules like facemasks?
If you had a mask on and were talking to someone (who didn't know they were infected) that didn't have a mask then the droplets could very well land on your arm so what's a facemask gonna do?
Hence, the need to wear a proper fitting facemask.
Yeah, plenty of those "FACEMASKS GO AGAINST MAH LIBERY REEEE" folks will be out in force.
Their whole self-worth is so wrapped up in "owning the libs" that being asked to wear a facemask for the sake of public health is as offensive to them as having RuPaul be their kid's preschool teacher.
I agree with many social_distancing measures and have not called for an immediate end to restrictions, but I do question the continued increase in measures...  A $1000 fine and 180 days in jail seems extreme to me for not wearing a facemask in public, especially when data points to better outcomes than originally anticipated.
Every protestor I have seen has been wearing a mask, and there were even people distributing masks and gloves and hand_sanitizer at the protests.
How often do you think a cashier changes their gloves?
175,000 pairs of gloves.
No masks, no gloves, no care in the world.
Gloves are really not going to help that much if you're going into a store and touching multiple surfaces.
Plus most people don't follow proper protocol for donning and doffing gloves anyway.
One minute they say "Stay home, stay safe, keep things clean, things are serious" then the story right after is "Look at this restaurant opening back up!" and they show these people not following proper social_distancing, not wearing masks, no gloves, nothing.
Well let's not overlook the practicality of both issues and seek a happy medium like protest wearing gloves and mask.
We can't even buy masks, gloves and disinfectant so businesses will also be hoarding that or unable to get it as well.
Gloves, masks, hazmat suits?
I do food delivery in Pinal County, and I’ve literally had customers give me shit for wearing a mask and gloves.
I give people shit for NOT wearing a mask and gloves (in my head of course, I'm never going to outwardly disparage fellow working class people even though that's the norm here) I'm in chandler and I mostly see elderly people out and about running errands all day with little to no protection.
Are you wearing a mask and gloves that you throw away every time you fill up at a gas station to protect everyone else from anything you might be carrying without knowing?
The amount of healthcare workers that are not wearing masks, gloves, washing their hands and keep touching their faces is WILD!!!
I am back at work (massaging with a mask and gloves.
Holy crap, I can’t imagine wearing those costumes plus a mask and gloves and whatever else.
The administrator believed the use of Lysol, surgical and cloth masks, and gloves would be sufficient for staff to prevent the spread of the virus.
If at all possible, stay in and be extra visible about masks, gloves, and sanitizing your hands.
Captain, crew and patrons must wear facial coverings and gloves and practice social_distancing.
They wear gloves when they make the subs.
They grab the gloves with their hands.
I got a feeling Rush is wearing an N95 mask, gloves and doused in sanitizer anytime he leaves his house.
They also regularly clean the rides and every single cast member has gloves and a hard face_shield.
We do go get groceries, but we do it as safely as possible with a list of what we need to buy, masks, gloves, and social_distancing.
I have to massage with gloves and a mask on for 10 hours a day.
Covid is diffrent as its a disease that indiscriminately kills even if you wear a mask and gloves.
All barbers swap gloves after a cut, sanitize seats and tools, it couldn't be more safe.
My thing is with all of these with all saftey measure and precautions put into place, if cast members have to have gloves, masks, and hand_sanitizer be part of their costume, if you need to pass a tempature screening before being allowed in.
They wore masks, gloves, and social_distanced the whole time and all 3 still got the virus.
We can supply bags, gloves and pickers if you have back issues.
Even if you’re not cleaning up always good to have those to supply bags and gloves etc.
Everywhere I go people are wearing masks and gloves and maintaining social_distancing.
I had to go to California for work and had to pump gas and they had a man in a big face_shield and heavy duty gloves who poured hand_sanitizer onto your hand before and after you touched the gas pump.
I have my own mask and I wear gloves all the time but I mean that's not 100% ya know?
Gloves don't kill the virus.
Grog no understand gloves!
As a former pharmacy tech who wore gloves in a sterile environment and was regularly tested on that, I do have an understanding of how gloves work and basic hygiene.
I on the other hand will have to show up with my masks and gloves and armed with hand_sanitizer and staying 6_feet apart from everyone else.
That's why I wear gloves too you fucking neanderthal.
Of course don’t forget the basics (wash hands, don’t touch your face, even maybe use gloves (though they are NOT NEEDED)).
Also, the mask was meant to be combined with  gowns, scrubbing, and gloves.
In a hospital, when a  patient is considered contagious (with anything), anyone who enters the  room must put on long gloves, a gown, a mask, and a face_shield.
You should cringe out of your skin if anymore is wearing gloves and handling your food in the age of covid.
I understand the vectors of this disease so I never said ingestion, but there's a reason why the hospital cafeterias dont have food out like this and there's a reason why that cashier has gloves on.
It just sucks that I went to work, constantly cleaned my truck with sanitizing wipes, used lysol spray afterwards and completely coated the inside, I sanitized my hands AND nitrile gloves every time I interacted with people, wore a mask when I could and yet I still get covid.
McDonald's was probably one of the last biggest company's to enforce masks and gloves.
None of those speaking wore masks (or gloves, FTR).
If you don't have the money for window tinting then use oven mitts or gloves.
I use gloves.
As someone near a nuke base, I wear a freaken mask and gloves to keep all civilians and military healthy.
But staying at home, taking your precautions, and wearing a mask and gloves while out (a real mask, not a n improvised cloth one, and maybe a face_shield) brings your infection risk WAY down.
Does she have access to a quality mask/face_shield, and gloves?
You know you saw people wear masks incorrectly and wear gloves in the grocery store and then continue to touch everything like the glove would save them.
The worker who was tasked with cleaning off and handing carts to people as they entered, had no mask, no gloves, and no cleaning supplies.
If I care about staying safe (which I do), I can wear a mask and gloves out (which I do).
Employees should be regularly washing hands, changing gloves, and not touching their phones or faces when handling food.
I watched one server use her gloves to wipe her bare face.
Even then I just briefly went to give them a hug wearing eye wear, gloves and a mask.
Gloves and a mask is a must.
I make sure they are careful about going out, limiting where they go, and they wear masks and gloves (if necessary), and have sanitizer.
Every time I go to the store, I'm the only one who is ever wearing a mask and gloves.
Not only did I buy whole garlic today but I also bought a massive bag of the peeled garlic gloves.
My local UPS Store has everyone in masks and gloves, so it can certainly be done.
You can get masks, gloves and shields.
Question:  Are anti-dust masks and workman gloves included in the package somewhere?
I won't even get into why wearing gloves is a bad idea.
Maybe if they weren't idiots and were wearing masks and eye protection and gloves anyway to... Ya know... Do their job safely?
Both deputies had masks, gloves and sunglasses on.
Neither wore gloves, one had sunglasses, and neither was wearing a mask.
I wear gloves and a mask but now I'm slightly paranoid on if I should be even out.
Okay but I've got n95 masks and disposable gloves that I use for my few Publix runs.
I saw at my local Wendy’s drive through all workers wore masks anc gloves.
All employees are wearing gloves and masks (i wear a mask to pick up take out as well) and we wipe the box and wash our hands when we get home.
Get groceries deliveries, wear n95 mask , eye protection and gloves if they must go out.
If you want to wear masks, gloves and stay in knock yourself out but don’t come here and start telling people what to do, how to live and insult others who think different.
I’m going to wait until **I** think it’s safe based on my own observations of the data, not when Ron Can’t\-Figure\-Out\-How\-To\-Operate\-Masks\-Or\-Gloves Desantis tells me it’s ok.
The greeters are wearing masks / gloves.
When we run out of milk, I am sent out as tribute in mask and gloves.
So, I wear gloves, sanitize often and stay away from most people.
wear mask and gloves.
I just want to get in and get out while groups of snowbirds wearing rubber gloves, respirators and ski goggles take three minutes to figure out which onion speaks to them.
Don’t try to educate me or shame me for not looking like a fool wearing a mask and gloves at a store while touching the shopping cart handle, shelves, and products with your gloves, then, with the same gloves, reach into your purse, grab your wallet or phone.
Yes,I understand that wearing gloves is not much different than not wearing gloves, if you work with your hands like I do doing your job if you have a cut/s on your hand/s there's a possibility that if you grab or touch something that has already been infected it could get within the cut/s or scrapes or whatever you may have on your hands, that's what I've heard whether true or not I don't know but I don't want to take a chance and then possibly infect another person.
I wear gloves and I definitely wear a mask and if the people that don't wear a mask had a 1/4 of a brain they would wear a mask, basically if they didn't listen to there dear leader Donald j drumpf they would wear a mask but the dear leader doesn't wear a mask so they're for his followers won't wear masks.
I've asked this from Floridians and non Floridians coming to our state in an earlier post any Floridians and non Floridians that are visiting our great state of Florida that are north of Palm Beach county please if you are not taking precautions like wearing a mask and gloves please stay the fuck out of South Florida stay north of Palm Beach county, do not come down to Palm Beach county, Broward county or Miami-Dade county I/we don't want you here unless you're listening to our city and county mayors because I for one have never listened to and will continue to never listen to the clown we have as a governor.
If you are taking precautions like wearing a mask and gloves then I/we welcome you, and I wish you good health and be safe.
So, to make me feel better and safer I will continue wearing gloves and I expect all of you to continue doing whatever you're doing to make you feel safer but if you're reading this post and you're not wearing a mask I ask you to listen to the experts and PUT ON A FUCKING MASK!!
You can't get sick just by having it on the skin of your hands, or even in an open wound, and **gloves are no better at stopping transmission via touch than bare skin**.
, microbiologist Kelly Reynolds, Ph.D., director of the environment, exposure science and risk assessment center at the University of Arizona...“Taking gloves off right isn’t a trivial thing,” Reynolds says.
Men's Health: You Shouldn't Be Wearing Gloves to go Grocery Shopping.
Jill Grimes, MD, Board-Certified Family Physician at UT Austin’s Student Health Services, Wearing gloves also doesn't give you a free pass to stop washing your hands—after removing gloves, you still need to wash_your_hands with soap and running water for at least 20 seconds.
-[creakyjoints: Wearing Gloves During Errands Doesn’t Offer Much Protection Against Coronavirus (and Can Even Make Things Worse)
WMDT: PRMC Doctor: Gloves are “false hope” in protection against COVID-19.
If you are taking precautions like wearing a mask and gloves.
We had to go to the medical facility to collect his belongings and sign some papers (1 person wearing mask/gloves, limited contact, at the car).
We had to go to the funeral home to collect his ashes (all the paperwork was done via email/USPS, 1 person wearing mask/gloves who asked if it was ok if he kept them on, limited contact).
We had to return various devices when we closed his cable/internet account (wasn't necessary to maintain that account; 1 person wearing mask and gloves, limited contact, hardcore distancing).
I ordered takeout yesterday and no one was wearing masks or gloves when I went to pick it up.
I wear a half mask p100 respirator, goggles, shower cap, gloves, and shoe covers when I leave the house to go shopping for necessities (mine are really to protect your shoes from rain but they work)!
The p100 filters can be used for 8 hours on continuous breathing, they are good for 30 days once you open the package.
I wear disposable gloves and remove them as soon as I get out of the store, this way I have fresh hands touching my mask to take it off.
You can put on some gloves and a warm jacket and a little Stan-from-South-Park hat to protect your ears and you're good to go.
If pretty much given up on trying to find masks , gloves, sanitizer , alcohol.
Bloodborne pathogens have been a thing forever, and that protocol is easy to meet---gloves, simple mask, glasses.
Still see plenty of cashiers without gloves.
Are they providing gloves?
They could have required gloves.
i work deli so we always have gloves.
Will we all be forced to wear gloves and hats next too because of germs?
They have us touching thousands of laptops to deploy to kids next week for virtual schooling with only a box of gloves for the entire department and not even alcohol to wipe these things down.
He says that the hospital hasn't even given him gloves or masks or any kind of protection at all.
Then a lady with gloves on.
Just lock yourself in your house and don’t forget to wear a mask and elbow length gloves when greeting the grub hub delivery driver.
DBPR uses a modified version of the FDA Food Code, so yes you can handle RTE foods with your hands as long as you wear gloves.
wash_your_hands, stay the fuck away from people, wear a mask and gloves, don't trust people are going to follow the rules and stay away from you, only go to the grocery store for essential shit and keep your visits spread apart, work_from_home if you can, get connected with your community, friends, and family if you need help, avoid taking risks for luxuries, and if your immuno-compromised get someone to help you do these things.
So you think Trump is trying to ruin the economy by recommending social_distancing, masks, and gloves?
Trump too says that social_distancing, masks, and gloves are still necessary... then goes on Twitter and calls for “LIBERATION.” It’s insane because the states are following his own guidelines.
And do you think social_distancing, masks, and gloves would be the safest way for them to protest while a very contagious pandemic is spreading?
So to answer your question simply, yes, social_distancing, masks and gloves would all help **a person with the virus from spreading it to others**.
No gloves because cross contamination.
A bunch of people just walking around like it was Jan 10th, no masks, gloves, nothing protective.
We can re-open the general economy, but continue to follow strictly the 6 foot distances and wear protective facewear and gloves, lots of handwashing.
The majority of customers were wearing masks and/or gloves as well, as were nearly all employees.
My husband has been extremely diligent about wearing his mask and gloves when he is out.
No one wearing gloves.
What is this obsession with gloves?
Gloves don't keep you any safer unless you change them after every time you touch something.
Just keep 6feet away from strangers and wash_your_hands/wear gloves.
Helps if you're wearing gloves and masks, also not touching your face.
Ron DeSantis Mystified By Gloves And How To Wear Them At Coronavirus Briefing.
He had no gloves on.
The cop couldn't even be bothered to wear a mask and gloves.
There was a post on this subreddit about 10 days ago about how Publix workers were just allowed to start wearing masks that they provided except ["Associates in food prep areas are not permitted to wear masks at any time."]( Two days ago a [post](on how Port Charlotte Publix employee got infected had a comment that employees were now given masks and gloves.
Gloves are safer because you’re less likely to shove latex covered fingers into your eyes.
Employees will be allowed to wear gloves and masks for as long as the national emergency lasts.
They'll supply gloves "while supplies last" but not masks because of the shortage for doctors and nurses.
There were a few old people out front, perusing the plants, glaring at me as if I had three buttholes on my forehead because I wore a mask and gloves.
Avoid the public, wear a mask and (most importantly) gloves if you have to go into any public areas and wash_your_hands EVERY TIME you come back in your house.
Wearing latex gloves and cheap paper mask.
I have to pour rubbing alcohol on the gloves and make like I am thoroughly washing hands then I take them off and wash my hands with proper soap.
I've got a respirator, gloves, and a  [sasumata.
Have you ever heard of gloves?
If the beach people wore gloves would you be okay with it.
Even without gloves if they are in groups of people fewer than ten.
Even my mailman isn't even wearing gloves - wtf?
Gloves don't do anything.
You touch your face with dirty gloves or dirty hands, you're going to get infected either way.
Gloves makes you aware you have gloves on and the reason for it, so it should be used as a tool to help prevent you touching your face.
All gloves do is allow you to not need to wash_your_hands when taking them off possibly.
Condoms used right do something, gloves used right in this circumstance aren’t actually doing anything.
I've already got masks and gloves and essentials on standby for safety.
You actually believe she would have stockpiled gloves and masks and ventilators for a possible viral outbreak?
Eh, most of these are delivery and drive thru/curb side pick up from workers wearing gloves which is a lot less risky than going into a place to buy items.
As long as they change their gloves regularly - 'cause I guarantee you nobody washes their gloved hands.
I always have a little chuckle when I see someone wearing gloves and a mask in publix.
And half the state is making fun of people for wearing masks and gloves in public.
You think I’m wearing a mask without gloves on?
I'm out all day working and I'm not allowed to wear any masks or gloves and I'm fine.
It’s like watching all the idiots at public wear gloves but then use same gloves to text and touch their phone then they put their phone to their face.
Same with gloves.
The consensus on the ground is that if you’re leaving your house for anything you’d better have a mask and gloves.
Don’t wear the mask properly, people don’t change their gloves often enough to do any good, most masks are not rated to stop airborne diseases.
They should be allowed gloves for sure, but I doubt many have them.
I hope you are wearing a mask and gloves while working.
I would like to remind retail workers who do use gloves - change gloves between customers!
Otherwise if one customer had something, your gloves are just spreading it to the next one (which is defeating the purpose of wearing gloves).
That’s ridiculous, no one has that many gloves nor the time to change them.
I have used sanitizer on my gloves sometimes.
Absolutely which is why having hand_sanitizer and sanitizing between customers is better than having gloves.
Wearing gloves can give a false sense of security when it comes to cross contamination.
That is true, and exactly why they shouldn’t be wearing gloves at all.
If you can’t change gloves between every interaction, don’t wear gloves.
Wearing the same gloves for an extended period of time is actually worse than not wearing gloves.
Especially when most of them said not to ware gloves and masks.
No gloves nothing!
Were you at least wearing gloves and a mask?
Hadn't considered wearing gloves to open the mail.
I’m at work now and they said they have no news that it’s the virus but yet the news says yes, I’m in fear of catching it we can’t have gloves can’t have masks nooooo super cleaning was done we have a train that runs parts around how do we know it hasn’t been infected or more people.
I’m the one looked at like a psycho wearing gloves and disinfecting my desk religiously.
Mandatory masks and gloves upon entry of open businesses.
It's irresponsible to keep non essential businesses open, I see hundreds of people a day, and absolutely NONE of them are trying to practice social_distancing, while at the same time I see them wearing masks and gloves, which our health care workers need, all just so they can hoard ammo and buy guns.
ETA: They also decided that unnecessary testing could be a waste of masks and gloves.
I went to Walmart on Saturday, early morning,  wore gloves and a respirator for food.
A few others were actually wearing masks and  gloves too.
Everyone is still unaffected (for the most part) but we are already running out of ventilators and health care workers are out of masks and gloves.
By Winter 2015, I was wearing gloves in 60° weather and ignoring the beaches until May.
alcohol, hand_sanitizer, gloves, and masks OTOH..
I wear gloves when opening packages and spray ordered items with lysol.
I wore my regular mask and gloves to get some essentials I ran out of.
There were a few others wearing masks and gloves too.
I will be wearing gloves too.
I did manage to find 2 oz of hand_sanitizer and some gloves laying around, but I need more.
plastic bags fastened with rubber bands or hair ties can also be used as makeshift gloves in an emergency.
Wiping down machines constantly, gloves, bring your own black pen.
I would have a box of latex gloves for doing things like pumping gas though, if you can find them.
Rush on gloves, hand_sanitizer, and Lysol wipes.
he told his staff to take it easy on the masks and gloves, since he doesn't know when he'll get any more.
I have gloves and a face_shield that is used with my wheeled string trimmer.
Everyone I see with a mask on is constantly readjusting it and wearing single use gloves all day.
dog groomer just came into my Mom's home with no mask, no gloves, and no excuse of why he was risking her life other than ignorance and greed.
I was so proud to see everyone wearing masks and gloves.
Masks arent enough, now they want you to wear goggles and gloves too!"
You think it's perfectly reasonable that playing contact sport is less dangerous than sitting with social_distancing at a table while being served by someone wearing mask and gloves, like at a bar, which this chart lists as the most dangerous thing you can do.
I haven't been as diligent about wearing gloves but part of that was because I burned through my initial supply of them.
Gloves are completely unnecessary if you're washing your hands.
I would prefer nobody wear gloves.
I agree, I bought a pack of latex gloves from Amazon for $20 but it's hard to get the masks.
Yeah the gloves took a few days not bad but the Masks took a bit and they were a bit tight.
I've worked through the entire thing ("essential auto dealer") and let me tell you... we have had customers SO TERRIFIED that we arent misting lysol constantly and changing gloves after EVERYTHING that we touch, yet they still come in and ask us to change their wiper blades, in the middle of summer, when it hasn't rained in weeks... and that's not at all an exaggeration.
You should just bathe in lysol and wear gloves and masks and stay 6ft away while you serve me food that I can make at home...
Imagine working in an understaffed restaurant and watching the single FOH person not change their gloves unless they're eating or go to the bathroom because boss said cut down on the gloves.
I wear fucking gloves, so I understand.
Gloves are pointless.
Gloves do t help anyone outside of a medical or food setting.
You wear fucking gloves?
You're spreading covid because your gloves are dirtied every time you touch something and you keep them on for the whole day, spreading covid everywhere you touch.
Be responsible and stop wearing fucking gloves and wash your goddamn hands.
Just know that wearing gloves makes the gloves like your skin, just spreads around anything you touch, and if you wear them into your vehicle or touch your phone it's like bringing all those surfaces you touched into contact with your phone.
Most FOH barely know how to properly wear gloves, much less the fact it's been reduced staff industry wide here, increased customer flow since 3rd stage, which just leads to less shit being sanatized between customers all the way around.
Gloves for most people are pointless.
Human skin is impermeable so gloves will not accomplish anything more WRT avoiding infection.
Where are gloves useful?
Theoretically, if one has a skin condition that makes sanitizer or soap a problem, wearing gloves and still washing hands and sanitizing will be effective.
Seeing discarded gloves in the parking lot is extremely infuriating.
Save the gloves for tattoo artists, mechanics, and medical professionals, please.
If a place makes me wear a mask, I will, but just watch--look at people, they wear masks, and touch their face constantly, wear gloves --which is like the worst thing in the world for cross-contamination.
Went to the local office the other day to pick up a package and none of the employees were wearing a mask or gloves.
I saw nurses changing gloves and sanitizing frequently.
Same thing for wearing nitrile gloves, if you change them out often (or for cashiers after each transaction) it could be good but if you wear the same pair all day then you might as well just not bother.
For some reason, conservatives (basically none of them wearing masks or gloves) decided to wave their guns in front of courthouses and inside government buildings in large groups while COVID spread through our country like, you know... a virus.
Same goes for gloves; anything that can get on your hand can get on your gloves.
Even then the people running the place consistently wore masks and gloves.
The pair have been working from home and wearing masks and gloves when they venture out to the grocery store."
Also, they don't take mask, gloves, gowns from one environment to the other.
I think we can safely say right now, Most Walmart’s in Austin are NOT making customers wearing masks or gloves.
When this all started, I was wearing masks and gloves and using hand_sanitizer like crazy, not just on my hands but also to wipe things like my steering wheel down.
Others will find a medium where they're comfortable, maybe just wearing gloves like people did a century ago.
I'm the one enjoying the outdoors without a mask or gloves.
Honestly if this occurs, I’ll vote in person even if I’m immunocompromised, I’ll try my best to stay safe wear a mask and distance from others and wear gloves at the booth and wash hands after, but no matter what if push comes to shove I will risk my own health to have my vote count no matter how hard it gets.
Wear a freaking mask and some freaking gloves in public, and don't touch your freaking face.
Most people were wearing masks and gloves.
I'm all for practicing social_distancing, wearing masks, wearing gloves, and staying home if you fear you or other members of the household are vulnerable.
face_shield, gloves, and mask is what I am thinking.
No gloves, no mask, I haven’t even had the sniffles.
I watched a lady come out of a grocery store today in mask and gloves.
Got to her car, unlocked it, took her mask off, and touched everything in her car while still wearing the gloves.
What was the point of wearing gloves?!
On the other hand, everyone is treating DeBlasio and Cuomo with kid gloves, hailing them as examples to follow when NY state has 1,212 deaths per mil, and NYC has 1,545 deaths per mil.
I work in a retail environment, for as many changes that have been rolled out, it didn't stop a lot of people going out and concentrating them in stores, but more and more people wore masks, and gloves, and washed their hands or used sanitizer and maybe it's luck but no one's gotten sick at this site.
Oh snap, that’s really not helping, you better put on mask and gloves and please god don’t touch your face!
Oh and the gloves that the army GLUED on her hands and the plastic surgery done to her nose post mortem to cover their asses.
I've been going to small grocery stores with a scarf mask and disposable gloves on.
I also noticed a couple weeks ago at my HEB that I saw maybe a handful of people who were also wearing gloves like I was.
Also I remember a few weeks ago realizing I was one of like six people at my HEB wearing gloves.
We have a lot of commuters to Fort Worth, yet I was the only one wearing a mask and gloves the last two times I went out, and those are the only times since March 1.
They've shut down to sanitize the facility and will use masks and gloves when they start back up.
Finally, it's hard to believe that not one person is wearing gloves and only one person is wearing a mask.
I went to store couple of days ago and nearly everyone had some sort of mask and/or gloves on.
I know half a dozen people personally who stay in their house until it is time for groceries, them they send the healthiest person with a mask and gloves to pick up groceries.
It's important to know that we use the same gloves, n95 masks, cleaning/sanitation products, tongue depressors, etc.
But now that they’ve lost their loathable mascot, gloves are off and they are truly going to go off the rails.
Then in a few weeks removal of all non-essential restrictions, just have to wear masks, gloves, keep 6 foot distance.
Still a huge increase of exposure through more hand to hand transactions (product packaging, recipts, cash), and people just being in and arounf touching more shit without washing hands or changing gloves in between.
It's painful as someone who wears gloves all damn day to watch the public at large just grab a pair and wear them for 5 hours at a time.
Think about spreading with that same pair of gloves all over the place  🤢
I’m in my mask, I’m in my gloves.
Most people that I've seen wearing gloves obviously don't understand the point of wearing gloves.
Still no shelter in place and lots of people not wearing masks or gloves.
When you walk through stores seeing people with gloves and masks talking on their cell phones, it should be very clear at that point, there is a serious problem that can't be solved without telling them to stay home.
"Just bring gloves!!"
I use latex gloves and alcohol gel during/after getting gas.
Like putting on gloves, then sanitize your credit card which you handled while your hands were contaminated.
I do use gloves for that and clean my hands afterwards.
Greg Abbott (R) issued a directive earlier this month suspending nonessential medical procedures in an effort to  conserve masks and gloves for health workers on the front lines of the pandemic." - The Hill.
I've got an Exacto knife and some rubber gloves and mask, I can give it a shot if you want.
My wife is immuno-compromised, so I've been wearing a mask and gloves if I go out (for food or prescriptions only).
If “essential” businesses aren’t doing their part (supplying employees with masks and gloves, making them wear them, and enforcing a 6 foot policy, at least) then they should not be allowed to stay opened during this.
Over 1/4 were over 65yo, lots of smoking cigs, no masks, no gloves, no social_distancing at all.
About 1 in 8 customers were wearing a mask and gloves.
I dont go inside gas stations anymore, use nitrile gloves at the pump.
I wear gloves when I shop, I wash my hands first thing when I get home and I remove all my groceries from their bags with another pair on.
Gloves don't mean shit.
We were already pretty clean before, but once Corona became a thing they were sanitizing every surface at set times throughout the day, strict on gloves for both back and front of house, encouraging each other to take vitamin c and stay home.
Like wash_your_hands, avoid unnecessary gathering, order retirement homes to quarantine, urge the elderly to be cautious, offer a contract for ventilators, masks, and gloves, offer unemployment benefits to people impacted, put a notice to hospitals and clinics, have the CDC work on research, restrict international travel,  have the TSA sanitize, inform, and observe people as they arrive at airports (not fucking test everyone and make a huge line), give a loan to the airlines, deploy the national guard for beds and medical resources, cancel public school.
6.	Everyone is calling for the contracts on ventilators, masks, gloves, etc..., but the Republican administration won’t make the call to ramp up production.
and if you are worried about availability of masks and gloves, that is a good worry.
Trump can literally draft factories to make ventilators and masks and gloves etc.
I think he should serve meals in a soup kitchen without gloves or a mask and just pray.
Forget trying to find medicine, tissues, tea, masks, gloves.
The last shop we both wore gloves and disonfected everything.
I was constantly bitched at by my old mgr at red lobster for using too many gloves.
Most did not wear gloves at all.
But still try to minimize your contact with other people, wear gloves, and sanitize as much as you can.
Also social_distancing the workers, and wearing gloves all the time.
People were giving me looks as i was checking out with canned goods, cleaners, gloves, masks, and lots of bottled water.
In regards to the masks; that may be true for regular respiration but unless you’re wearing an N95 or higher the containment is negligible when you’re expelling breath while huffing and puffing.
You’re right, the N95s are the only ones that protect against air particles.
If you get a [R95](or [KN95](you get the same protection and it looks like a cool as shit Bane mask.
And there is no guilt of taking an N95 away from a medical professional, R95s are literally for painting.
My dad is at risk, my mom owns a business where close proximity to people is inevitable... Despite all that, the state hasn't elevated her job to make n95 masks available to her.
The masks unless n95 protect others.
So since n95 are scarce we need to protect each other.
I think they were just saying health professionals only in the beginning because there were so many people that were hording the N95 masks that medical facilities needed in the panic times.
I saw a protest in flagstaff where people wore n95 masks and actually distanced.
My fiance has to buy most of her own PPE (head covering, face_shield, shoe coverings), while reusing the same N95 long past its advisable use date.
For example, I believe Hillary Clinton (or some other president on Earth 2) would have paid far more attention to the warnings and maintained the pandemic task force and everything... but I don’t think she would have known or been politically capable of closing the borders to all international travel, cancel the Super Bowl in early February, or locked down New York City on Valentines Day, or that she would have been able to magically procure hundreds of millions of N95 masks or test swabs out of thin air by March 1... all things that really *would* have prevented a lot of this, but which nobody was even really proposing until late February... at which point it’s really looking like the US already had so much undetected community spread, it was already well out of control.
I ended up buying n95 respirators on eBay at a marked up price along with FDA approved KN95 masks.
Yes n95 masks can stop 95 percent of particles the size of the virus, but that is not what people are wearing.
 Fabric lab tested to be almost N95.
I use the almost N95 ones for quick in and outs.
Until N95 masks become widely available, you cannot protect yourself from a maskless sociopath.
heck even N95 masks, only filter .03 Microns which is useless because Covid-19 is .01 Micron it goes right through any masks.
And N95 masks are rated to filter out particles that are 0.3 microns, because that’s the most penetrating particle... guess what?
However, while the actual covid-19 virus particle is smaller than what N95 masks are rated to filter out, the virus is carried by respiratory droplets, such as the ones that come from coughs, sneezes, and talking.
ALSO, NIOSH reports that masks like N95 are rated to filter out particles SMALLER than 0.3 microns at maximum efficiency levels as well.
even N95 masks, only filter .03 Microns which is useless because Covid-19 is .01 Micron it goes right through any masks.
So, I had a disposable N95 mask.
Unless you are wearing a sealed mask(ie N95), the mask should not effect air flow to a noticeable degree.
I worked in the OR, 12 hour shifts in a n95.
 Made with material lab tested to be almost N95 filtration.
The biggest #1 mistake was the government not fessing up and explaining that there are not enough N95 masks for everyone, so they lied and said they were not necessary or even worse,harmful.
They knew that non-n95 masks were still beneficial but they told us not to bother.
If all are wearing N95, that **could** work.
Do we have enough N95 masks?
If you can, try to get your hands on an N95 or at least a KN95 mask (the latter seem to be somewhat feasible to buy, but the quality control isn't as good).
You’ll have to talk to the surgeons my wife works with, all of whom wear n95 masks for 10-16 hours per day with little perceived side effects.
The poster created his account 2 days ago and one of the first posts is to decry the use of n95 masks, which are used in surgical settings without adverse affect every day and prior to covid no one gave two shits about.
it is what it is...  I was wearing my n95's half of March, and April.
Proper masks (n95+) clog up very quickly and must be changed or cleaned regularly.
I’m fairly certain if companies like Salt Life, Salinity, you know, the typical logos that the Florida racists fly... if they made n95 masks with their shitty logos on them I bet we wouldn’t have a big mask issue in Florida.
Supply every resident with N95 masks by mail, tell them to wear them, and go about your business.
She’s considering quitting last minute, but we’re also stocking up on N95s and got her a face_shield.
I have also ordered masks (n95 and cloth).
Yes how an N95 mask should be worn.
Have you looked into getting a respirator/gas mask with N95 or better filters?
From what I understand, N95s are still in short supply for the hospitals, I'd feel terrible taking one.
Every study from 2016 on that is linked talks about n95 vs surgical.
It’s not sideways, that’s how you are supposed to put on N95’s.
I’m there in my N95 just hoping that their stupidity isn’t going to affect me...
It's much more contagious than a flu or cold, there is no vaccine, and the cloth masks we are using are not n95's.
The virus itself is about [.12 microns in diameter](An N-anything mask will block particles down to .1 micron with the number after the N referring to the efficiency (for example, an N95 mask is 95% effective at blocking particles down to .1 micron.)
If you are perfectly healthy, yes, wearing a non-N95 or better mask provides very little benefit.
It I absolutly positively had to fly, I would get a real N95 mask from wherever I could.
The N95 mask boxes literally have warnings on them that they do not stop COVID 19, so forcing people to wear a mask that doesn’t nothing to protect them is like accepting an invisible cloak of protection from a wizard who asks for six magic beans for payment.
Dirty Santis doesn't even know how to properly put on an N95 mask...
Some n95 masks have bands that go around your head rather than your ears.
It's an N95 mask.
Unless it’s a N95 type respirator mask it doesn’t matter.
 Material that was lab tested to be almost N95 rated.
The Astounding Physics of N95 Masks:
How N95 Masks Stop Viruses:
Wear a N95.
This is factually not true and it is actually why some masks are called N95 masks because they are rated and tested (by the CDC) to block 95% of particles at a given micron level.
They are taking about not n95 masks that everyone has now, the basic cloth ones.
Go buy a price gouged n95 mask.
You are correct about masks being for “others,” however a REAL mask (medical grade n95 or better) will protect the wearer.
Other than N95 masks, which are in short supply and probably more important for doctors and such to have, the research I've seen states that masks don't do much to prevent infection of the user, but are mostly useful for preventing spread.
To be honest, n95 masks are a staple of emergency kits for such disasters.
I won’t argue the differences in multiple cotton layers vs surgical grade n95 (I’m not an expert); but more layers is better.
You are correct, those surgical style ones AREN’T n95.
Otherwise we wouldn’t have n95+ masks and everyone from medical to construction (and military cbrn guys) would be wearing triple cotton masks.
If everyone all at once decides "Hey, actually, I'm gonna go pay fifty bucks for an N95 mask to go grocery shopping," that doesn't magically produce a sufficient supply of N95 masks for everyone to get one for fifty bucks.
Those who are high risk are more than welcome to wear an N95 mask if they are afraid of being infected.
I’ll stay home and if I have to go out, you bet I’ll have one of my n95 masks on.
Because n95 masks and face_shields are so easy to get right now.
Not an N95 medical mask.
If there's one thing we've seen, it's that those Chinese manufacturers will slap a N95 label on anything if they can sell it.)
But it is possible to make almost N95 rated cloth masks with the right lab tested materials and lab tested design.
I figure if the current design is almost N95 rated, if I add one more layer of material I'll have an N99 mask should I go into a higher risk area or if the shit finally hits the fan up in this part of Florida and we get hit hard.
Learn what an N95 mask is, how it works, and the materials science behind it before you start letting yourself believe that you can stitch up a functional equivalent from common materials.
KN95s have been available on eBay since the inception of the pandemic.
Have you missed all those news stories of all those masks sold as N95 to hospitals and governments that failed?
Source – I sell medical equipment including N95 and surgical masks for a living.
Nope (with the possible exception of a fitted N95 mask).
Trump shit canned the Pandemic Response Report and he didn't finish building the N95 mask machine.
Hundreds of the masks they sourced were defective or didn't meet N95 standards.
You do know that you need N95 for this virus right?
You don’t need N95’s.
A well fit N95 is better, but a cloth mask combined with social_distancing is solid.
And an N95 certainly can’t eliminate exposure either, not even when perfectly fitted.
Absolutely if I could wave my finger and put 7 N95’s into everyone’s hands I would.
Even N95’s.
I know how to make masks that are laboratory proven to be almost N95 rated.
Put those two together and I basically have a homemade almost N95 respirator.
You’re only partially correct, simple masks do provide some protection to the wearer but since they don’t seal and they don’t filter out small enough particles they can’t offer reliable protection, n95 masks or better do offer protection to the wearer though.
But yes N95s are great if we actually had access to them but some hospital dont even have enough at this point.
Yup, and *your* mask is to protect *them*, not you (unless your wearing a certified N95 correctly).
I do agree about not wearing the need N95 however.
It looks like an N95 too.
If everyone wore an N95 mask when out in public, the virus would go away.
All the N95 masks have been saved for the healthcare workers.
Problem is that even with an N95 mask a maskless person can easily transmit the virus to you.
The N95 and special surgical masks protect both.
We aren't in the medical field and have N95 masks.
Issue everyone a box of N95 masks each month.
Newsom buying millions of N95 masks from China?
The N95s have straps that go around your head, the surgical masks have ear loops.
She’s wearing the N95 with the straps around her ears.
Mandatory kit for dental chairside personnel will have to be N95 masks, surgical caps, face_shields(in addition to safety glasses), gowns, and booties.
But the FBI aren’t First Responders, they don’t need the N95 Masks, Our Fire Department is.
How long before they can’t respond to a call because no N95 masks?
If used correctly, a single nurse may use 10-30 N95 masks per shift!
It’s also wild that the Trump admin just paid $55 million to a bankrupt company with no employees to secure N95 masks for 9x the normal costs of the masks.
Also the N95 mask is safe to wear for 5 days.
In a world without a pandemic, if i'm someone susceptible to being sick, i can go out and get like a N95 mask and wear it and be protected.
Why did a firm with no history of ever supplying the government any medical equipment got a contract for N95 masks, at 10 times the rate of other companies.
shoddy facr masks and no n95 masks to be seen.
They locked up all the N95 masks and it's hell to check one out.
Even N95 wouldn't stop it from spreading.
Some of these have brought the masks up to the 95% effectiveness of the N95.
It was in a paper describing a new mask being manufactured for health care workers that exceeds the filtering capabilities of the N95 mask.
Also the PPE at the hospital doesn't stop a patient from removing your N95 or sleeves and spitting/coughing, bleeding on you.
Florida, a state of 21 million, got all 180,000 N95 masks it wanted.
If so you need to also point fingers at the Obama for not refilling the national N95 mask inventory after the 2010 H1N1 pandemic.
The particulates are so small they go through anything worse than an N95 mask.
I saw some study saying they were 1/3rd to 1/2 as effective as (I believe) an n95.
The picture that seems to be developing is that regular, non-N95 masks will probably do little to help keep a person from being infected.
they're not as effective as surgical masks or N95 masks, but even a scarf is about 50% effective at capturing virus particles.
I thought N95 masks were helpful in that regard?
A more specialized mask, known as an N95 respirator, can protect against the new coronavirus, also called SARS-CoV-2.
You need an N95 mask.
This was especially true of N95 masks.
Why is it that many studies spanning decades suggest in actual experiment groups show that n95 masks aren't going to protect you from airborne pathogens?
Furthermore, if there were any benefit to wearing a mask, because of the blocking power against droplets and aerosol particles, then there should be more benefit from wearing a respirator (N95) compared to a surgical mask, yet several large meta-analyses, and all the RCT, prove that there is no such relative benefit.
However, the reason people are being told to wear them is because depending on the cloth material and stitching of the masks they range anywhere from 25-70 percent effective at not spreading the illness if you are infected as compared to a standard n95 mask.
Given the right type of mask (anyone at elevated risk should be using an N95 and glasses), not really, since you'll be filtering out what's around you.
Wearing a mask, aside from certain types such as n95, doesn't protect the person wearing the mask.
According to trump I thought all the nurses were selling N95 masks out the back door?
 N95 - 99.98% effective at blocking spread of aerosols to the wearer.
 N95 mask - 99.98% effective at blocking aerosols (the microscopic "droplets" that spread COVID-19)
An n95 mask protects the wearer.
They were clearly misleading to protect N95 supplies, but it wasn't the right way to do it.
Yeah, given how many people were hoarding N95s that didn’t even know how to wear them, it was understandable.
They could have just told us to save n95 masks for medical workers while using cloth masks at home but they did not.
He even took my parents n95 masks bc they’re old.
An N95 will absolutely protect you.
In reality, unless you are wearing a fit tested N95 mask, SCBA or PAPR you're not actually doing anything.
I will continue to wear my mask - I switched from an N95 with an exhale valve to some crap cloth thing so that I'm protecting other people as well.
If you buy a [R95](or even a [KN95](Mask you get the same protection and it looks like a cool as shit Bane mask.
I lost my mask, and my N95 is covered in lead paint residue, I wore a ww1 german gas mask 2 days ago...
I ordered some KN95 from the site, I had received the package in 5 days.
I'm happy with the ones that were made for me and I have KN95 for when I go to the doctor's appointments.
Size of a micron stopped by n95 is .3 microns (which happens to he the most common and effective mask in this situation (not even referring to the one way valve one that is even more dangerous)
Don’t get me started on one way valve n95 masks.
The recommendation discourages people from using medical-grade or surgical-grade masks, such as N95 masks, and instead, leave those for medical professionals.
In fact, I have read the data sheets behind N95s and they do not claim to be effective for the intake of microbial particulates but are designed to prevent the expulsion of contamination (meaning they work in the OTHER direction).
Does a standard N95 protect against that?
Some are more effective than others(N95 masks are presumably the most effective as that's what medical employees wear).
Medical employees wear N95s to protect the exposed patient as they are designed to stop exhaled particulates, but let's not quibble over ridiculous things like design intentions.
Medical employees are currently using [N95 along with face_shields and/or surgical masks]( This is the most effective way to attempt to keep from breathing in particulates and exhaling particulates.
easier to breath than a N95.
With the N95s, odds are very high they were redirected to a hospital.
You don't need N95s outside of a hospital setting and there weren't known methods of cleaning and safely reusing them back then (dang, three months ago is "back then" already).
We do know that N95 masks are effective: But N95 masks are in short supply and needed by medical workers and first responders.
If you're wearing an N95, you're more protected, absolutely, but you're also using PPE that a medical care worker is now without.
, and them not having a N95 mask will lead to a FAR bigger spread than you not wearing one would.
However, that specific study was looking at the efficacy of universal masking (non-N95 masking, so cloth masks or surgical masks) *in the COVID-19 ward of a hospital*.
Give them free N95 masks and teach them how to use correctly (not using a mask for days or weeks without sterilizing..).
There is a shortage of n95 masks, not surgical masks.
You're going to tell me that N95 masks aren't real?
Therefore, if you want to reopen businesses and return to normal, you would want medical grade N95 masks that would inhibit the spread of Corona.
You are confusing an n95 with a surgical mask.
Surgical masks and N95s are different entirely.
N95s are not categorized as masks they are technically respirators.
N95s are but the term medical grade masks is made up.
That does not change the fact surgical masks do not have to "fit absolutely perfect"  There is no test for fit like in an N95.
N95 and N100 masks can protect you to a great extent, but are largely unavailable to people outside of the medical and first responder fields for the time being.
CDC advises not to wear masks as only an N95 or above stops virus transmission.
They are KN95, but they are NOT from one of the manufacturers who was making defective masks and banned from importing them.
We found insufficient evidence for a difference between surgical masks and N95 respirators and limited evidence to support effectiveness of quarantine.
An N95 mask doesn't stop the virus at all, the virus is smaller than the filter size, even if you manage to secure an air-tight seal.
Ideally, the N95 mask.
It’s not an N95 or gas mask or hazmat suit or anything, I’m not coughing and sneezing on people or things.
The mask does not protect you from the virus, assuming you're not wearing a medical N95 mask.
N95 masks have only partial effectiveness; cloth masks have virtually none.
21-year old is likely to pass an infection to his elderly grandmother even if everyone wore an N95 mask.
N95 masks, as the name implies, offer 95% protection.
Everyone knows they don't block the virus outright, only N95 or higher does that.
Will continue to avoid going out in public and have an n95 mask in the off chance I am required to do so.
Its not even close to the N95 standard, but it has been deemed by many medical professionals across the globe as an effective measure that slows the spread of this virus.
I don’t have n95, but a fabric with a charcoal filter..
I donated my n95 masks I use for wood working to a nurse my wife knows.
Masks, particularly N95 and N100, are rated to filter particles down to 0.3 microns, which is pretty small.
 10,000 face_shields for election workers.
When/if we run out of respirator masks, we will switch over to full face_shields or re-use our respirator masks.
No amount of mask/face_shield/safety glasses/etc.
"Mommy, why does Elsa have a face_shield?"
I’m going to wear a mask and face_shield, and maybe buy some plexiglass barriers.
I do wear a face_shield though.
Side comment: People with ONLY face_shields - those aren't protecting anyone, ya dips.
What about face_shields for little children and people with conditions?
face_shield.
Up here, k-2 have optional masks, but everyone who doesn't wear a mask has to wear a face_shield.
And consider using a face_shield with the mask.
Do you have decent masks and a face_shield?
Or even a mask + face_shield.
He wears one of those face_shields when he goes out into public like to go shopping.
Then we should see these same people wearing face_shield right?
You should have a face_shield as well.
face_shields are an option you should explore.
We have face_shields and she's good about being as safe as she can.
- All Staff will wear masks and face_shields.
The most they can wear is a face_shield, which is better than nothing, but I'm worried for my own safety & my staff's safety.
The only protective barrier they have is the flimsy face_shield.
The face_shields will likely prevent this from happening, of course, but I would much rather my staff not be at risk of infection at all.
The fact that you're literally surrounded by disinfectant, in a job where you can wear swim googles and face_shields isn't good enough.
Let your staff decide if they think that being surrounded by disinfectant while wearing swim goggles and face_shields isn't sufficient for them.
And I’m going to wear my mask and face_shield, and I’m going to make sure my clients wear their mask too.
Unfortunately with our design and Prusa’s face_shield design it can not fit the whole headband in the resin printer.
You say this like a strawman, but yeah, face_shields would add to the effectiveness of masks.
face_shields also work great!
face_shield (I believe these are better than masks.)
He only has his own masks that he paid for out of his own pocket that aren’t n-95 and his face_shield that is used in riots.
A face_shield would probably be better for law enforcement.
They also have face_shields.
boss said she bought us face_shields.
Cloth/paper masks protect against what we call “respiratory droplets”.
The most crucial elements of immunity are being dangerously under-discussed in lieu of haphazard quick fixes like people using homemade cloth masks.
(Their masks are FAR more restrictive than our silly cloth masks) There are 20+ hour surgeries where the least of anyone's worries are some small spaghetti monster coming out of their mask.
Your first study is directly related to health care workers in Vietnam, of course reusable cloth masks are going to be counterindicated.
Yet you're presenting it as part of your argument that cloth masks aren't better than nothing.
Also, from this study it's quite clear that they're talking about healthcare workers wearing filtering masks rather than the general public wearing cloth masks.
The evidence that people in AZ and elsewhere should be wearing cloth masks is strong.
If you're aware of this and actively making sure not to do this, the only potential harm is financial (5 bucks for a re-usable cloth mask).
I thought the idea around cloth masks was to *lower* the chance of a carrier spreading it to others.
how inconvenient is a piece of cloth on your face anyway?
Get a frogg togg, it's a cooling cloth.
These are, of course, the same people who crow all day about "personal responsibility" but can't be bothered to put a simple cloth covering over their face for an hour at the grocery store.
In light of this new evidence, CDC recommends wearing cloth face coverings in public settings where other social_distancing measures are difficult to maintain (e.g., grocery stores and pharmacies) especially in areas of significant community-based transmission.
I keep a spare cloth mask hanging on my rearview mirror, just in case.
Being so offended and inconvenienced by the request to strap a piece of cloth over your mouth and nose while out and about in public for the health and safety of your fellow human being simply boggles the mind.
Barbershops and salons can resume services Friday if they limit occupancy, implement social_distancing measures, up sanitation protocols and provide cloth masks to employees, the governor said.
I have done my research and countless doctors and nurses agree that coronavirus is too small to be stopped by a cloth mask.
We’re getting two cloth masks.
Putting a cloth mask over your face isn’t losing freedom.
I wear one in the shop all day in the central Florida heat in front of a forge while wearing a full respirator which is way more restricted than a little cloth mask and I have no issues.
There are worse things in this world than wearing a thin piece of cloth on your face.
I'll take a cloth on my face.
I had a mask early in quarantine that a friend made from a thick table cloth and it was hell to breath through.
If they’re wrong all I’ve done is wear some cloth on my face just like I’m required to wear shoes and a shirt.
A cloth mask, a bandanna, or even a surgical mask DONT protect you, but DO protect others.
So wearing a cloth mask makes it perfectly safe to stand next to other people lol?
Well to be fair the media was saying months ago masks may increase transmission rates if they are not worn 100 percent correctly (im not buying a mask every time i go out nor will i wash my cloth mask everytime), even fauci said masks were not necessary at one point.
I have several cloth masks in rotation and wash them twice a week.
They (mostly) all have cloth masks to help keep from getting the customers sick, but that doesn't do anything to keep them safe from all the unmasked customers who are being allowed to walk around the store.
Put a piece of cloth on your face and go about your business.
Edit: This should be self evident, but I'm talking about regular surgical masks and cloth masks here, not N-95.
If you're wearing a reusable cloth mask, consider getting it refitted or getting a new one a different size.
I’ve tried tightening the metal nose clip, adjusting the mask up and setting my glasses on it, different mask styles (one that goes like a scarf down your whole heck, surgical type, cloth fitted type) etc, but nothing has solved it yet.
the cloth ones are easier.
Well, if your lungs are so bad that you can't breathe with a cloth mask over your face, then YOU HAVE A PRE-EXISTING CONDITION and are far more likely to die from Covid-19.
the cloth masks breathe, which defeats the purpose, sort of.
Kids are bringing cloth masks as part of their uniform.
Makes you wonder why everyone was ok with restrictions and pretty much having everything changed when it came to air travel that are still in effect today, but ask someone to wear a cloth mask and they lose their minds.
It started with re-opening the service industry without a state mandate to just wear a piece of cloth if you are a worker/patron (leaving this up to the restaurant/business itself to implement/enforce) and then now is progressing with this saga-of-fuckery and essentially now saying:
So far all I have in addition to the normal mask/wash hands/don’t touch face is some vitamins and an idea to wipe my face/arms/hands down with cleansing cloth before getting in the car to head home and then immediately toss the clothes in the wash and take shower when I do arrive home.
Imagine thinking wearing a cloth to protect others is a part of the liberal agenda.
Even if there were no studies done, are you really going to be so selfish and potentially kill people over you not wanting to wear a piece of cloth?
Now I wanna see a comparison between pleated cloth mask and the solid muzzle-style masks I see a lot of people wearing.
In short: "CDC recommends that people wear cloth face coverings in public settings and when around people outside of their household, especially when other social_distancing measures are difficult to maintain."
[Mayo Clinic](In short, specifically regarding cloth masks: "Asking everyone to wear cloth masks can help reduce the spread of the coronavirus by people who have COVID-19 but don't realize it."
My **personal** thoughts about her three points: First, regarding the third point, I agree, and that's why people are advocating for cloth masks.
I think the CDC and others should do more to explicitly state that the cloth masks are not an alternative to other measures, but simply an addition.
At the end of her day, her argument against cloth masks is that it won't hurt anything, but it won't "help a lot," but also that opinion is based on her assumption that people will relax other standards in favor of wearing masks.
You can make a cloth mask out of an old t-shirt with zero specialized equipment.
So if it's not going to hurt anything, it might help *even a little*, and anyone can obtain one cheaply and quickly, why not wear cloth masks?
“Cloth face coverings may help prevent people who have COVID-19 from spreading the virus to others.
Cloth face coverings are most likely to reduce the spread of COVID-19 when they are widely used by people in public settings.” Source: [CDC
“Cloth face coverings are recommended as a simple barrier to help prevent respiratory droplets from traveling into the air and onto other people when the person wearing the cloth face covering coughs, sneezes, talks, or raises their voice.
This recommendation is based on what we know about the role respiratory droplets play in the spread of the virus that causes COVID-19, paired with emerging evidence from clinical and laboratory studies that shows cloth face coverings reduce the spray of droplets when worn over the nose and mouth.
COVID-19 spreads mainly among people who are in close contact with one another (within about 6_feet), so the use of cloth face coverings is particularly important in settings where people are close to each other or where social_distancing is difficult to maintain.”
These real-world efficiencies range from 12% for very thin and gauzy fabrics up to 60% for multi-layer cloth masks made up of heavy cloth with filter inserts.
The people with health conditions so extreme that they can't put a piece of cloth over their face aren't going to be up on their feet walking around and shopping.
Imagine thinking the inconvenience of wearing a cloth mask for a few minutes is worse than potentially infecting someone else.
You can make a mask out of an old Tshirt or any piece of cloth, there's tons of tutorials all over the internet showing many different methods and sewing patterns if you're too stupid to figure out how to cover your breathing holes.
Those blue masks and cloth ones do not prevent the spread , it even says on the box it doesn't guarantee to protect you from the virus.
Household income doubled in a  year and a half, weather is way better, and the people arent fighting over wearing a cloth on their face to stop each other from DYING.
Despite the CYA written up by a marketing intern, masks - even ear-loop and cloth ones - can significantly reduce your chances of contracting COVID-19 (by as much as 50%.) And they absolutely contribute significantly to minimizing community transmission rates, preventing wearers from infecting others.
3) Mask use and cloth face coverings are common in many countries around the world.
Cloth < Surgical - still effective.
But the saddest part, while all those things are valid actions to take at this time, I’m talking about a cloth over your face to save lives.
A piece of cloth.
It is like the fucking wild wild west where really no one gives a shit about others because they feel they don't want to wear a piece of cloth over there face for the short time they are in there.
According to the CDC the basic cloth mask don't protect you from Covid, I'm going to work with my WW1 German gas mask.
Throwing tantrums and protesting being asked to wear a piece of cloth on their muzzles for short periods of time to limit the spread of an illness.
But hey, you can continue to be ignorant, even though it has been shown that even cloth masks DO help with stopping the particles of the virus.
Like, it's a piece of cloth on your face.
Ok, to correct YOUR misinformation, wearing a mask, even a cloth one, has been shown to stop upto 50% of incoming viral particles.
It dosen't stop more than that, because it is only fucking cloth.
Wearing a mask, even a cloth non-medical mask, will improve your chances of abiding contacting COVID - depending on material, this improvement ranges from a few percent to upwards of 50% filtration.
If everyone wore masks, even simple cloth face coverings, and followed basic social_distancing procedures, we would not be facing a second wave.
installations, and facilities will wear cloth face coverings when they cannot maintain six_feet of space.
" The Department of Defense urges individuals on DOD property, installations and facilities to wear cloth face coverings when a 6-foot social_distance cannot be maintained to help prevent the spread of COVID-19," Navy Cmdr.
I wear a cloth mask actually.
I myself wear a cloth mask, since others that I’ve purchased don’t fit properly.
Do they really think having a paper thin piece of cloth over their mouth is going to prevent them from being able to speak?
Its just a piece of cloth ..
It's debatable the amount of anything being done by the cloth masks at all but that's a moot point for this particular discuss because I'm pro moving twords herd immunity.
I didn't say cloth masks do nothing.
I just wish if people HAVE to go out that they’d at least be safe... it’s legit one of the most selfish things I’ve ever seen that people can’t put a piece of cloth over their mouth to prevent giving the virus to someone else and just sanitizing or washing their hands when they get somewhere and when they leave.
Not an improvised cloth one.
Most were wearing cloth masks which aren’t the best.
Do you use a cloth mask?
I used scarves, handkerchiefs and cloth I had on hand while I was waiting for the science to come out on material filtration rates.
Oh no you have to wear a piece of cloth!
I’ve used a cloth one and the cheap disposable ones.
A scrap of cloth.
My main thing is, why are the few still wearing cloth masks?
The cloth ones are basically just for what some like to call "mental safety".
A three layer cloth mask will block enough of the virus to significantly reduce the chance of infection.
I'm comfortable in a cloth mask there.
Science and common sense agree a cloth mask is basically a Halloween costume.
I sure wouldn’t walk into a BSL 3 or 4 lab wearing cloth masks.
I am curious though- cloth, if decent density can stop alpha, and most beta particles- being its emitted energy- just like the skin.
Then you have all the chuckle heads wearing homemade ones out of normal cloth, even less protective.
Additionally the virus goes through cloth because it has no filters.
not these cloth masks they don't filter anything.
Saying a cloth mask doesn't protect you from the virus is like saying a stop light doesn't protect you from drowning.
Up until I'd say two weeks ago a cloth mask was not anywhere near a recommended option for protecting you or others from a virus.
I don't doubt it, but he's cut from the same cloth as Scott Walker in Wisconsin.
I just don’t have confidence in the cloth masks and I know that’s what we’re going to end up going with.
The type of masks available to the public right now are going to typically be cloth, MAYBE with a crappy carbon filter.
If you're worried about them spreading the virus to you, you can get 3M Filtrete HVAC filter (minimum MPR of 1500) and add it to your cloth mask as a middle layer.
They've been very explicit about the fact that cloth masks are much more to protect others from yourself then to protect you from others.
They've also explicitly said that the use of cloth masks is more effective the more people are wearing it much like a heard immunity.
Our county is still getting more and more cases each day at higher rates (not over the “peak”) but this weekend when my bf and I went out for groceries we actually got a lot of weird looks for wearing cloth masks.
if you add some type of filter inside the t-shirt mask it increases the ability to filter virus: try one of these: 6 layers of paper towels, cut to size; tightly woven cloth such as the cloths to clean eyeglasses; hepa filter from AC filter or vacuum bag; microfiber towels (made for cleaning); or soaking the mask in very salty solution of salt and water, then dry before use.
Google says the verdict is put whether or not cloth masks do any good regardless for protecting an already healthy person.
Remember, cloth masks don't necessarily protect you, they protect *other people from you.*
It goes from don’t wear mask cause it’s not effective to wear mask and not cloth mask cause those don’t work to wear cloth mask.
Is changing his stance on wearing cloth masks when the CDC changes their recommendations one of them?
Not only do they not know everything, they know a lot less than could be known at any given moment (other countries have been on *mandatory* cloth mask orders already for a week already.
We use cloth ones atm and disinfect when coming home.
My only reticence is that they are using a communal cloth, but the cloth has to be soaked in the solution, so I assume it's fine.
Like it’s a respiratory virus not GI... if you’re in a pinch hop in the damn shower... also cloth hand towels exist.
"A cloth mask is intended to trap droplets that are released when the wearer talks, coughs or sneezes"
Once cloth masks were on the market and production of PPE was ramped you, that wasn’t the case anymore, and it was beat for everyone to wear masks.
The *reason* he said that was to attempt to preserve masks for healthcare workers, but instead of making a statement with caveats and stating that cloth masks should be worn at all times, he said "don't wear masks," and then doubled down on it by saying "in some cases, wearing a mask could actually be worse than not wearing one because people that constantly adjust their mask could be introducing the virus by repeatedly touching their faces."
He had an easy solution-- tell the truth and advocate for people that weren't first responders or medical personnel to start making cloth masks at home.
Cloth masks didn’t have to be on the market.
We all have cloth like bandanas or t shirts.
Even the worst cloth masks and bandanas offering a reduction in initial viral load and can prevent you from catching it and can reduce severity of the disease.
So it’s definitely worth it, Even it’s just a cloth one.
Cloth masks, like the majority of people are wearing, are ineffective at preventing someone from contracting the illness.
You may have some cloth in the way, but you're still gonna get some on you.
found that a cloth mask with 4 layers of paper towel can protect the **wearer** from up to 95% of the aerosols like those that spread COVID.
The anti-maskers have been inventing conspiracy theories out of whole cloth to justify being selfish assholes.
Then cover your face with any cloth you got.
It's hard to breathe when you're choking on your own rage and spit at having to wear a piece of cloth.
Both of us use surgical masks but we have to use a lighter cloth mask on top because our faces our too small for the surgical mask alone to fit properly.
Even if you're so self absorbed you won't wear a piece of cloth so save someone else's life, it would still be a shame to have even more people needlessly die from a preventable disease.
Explain how my comment which defends my belief by scientific facts that cloth mask don’t work is a violation but people can say “ good wear one or get fined “ is ok?
Could you please cite your source for suggesting cloth masks do literally nothing?
cloth masks literally do nothing.
If we have to lock down again it will be because of all the selfish pricks in this thread who thing putting on a tiny piece of cloth is too much work for their precious selves.
It's a thin piece of cloth that's it.
My first one was just cloth and it got so hot all the time.
 4 layers of paper towel w/ 1 layer cloth - 95.15% effective.
But as soon as the CDC rolled that back, I started wearing a bandana when I went out and I eventually purchased a few cloth masks from craftspeople I wanted to support.
Well here's the Mayo Clinic, the best hospital in the planet, suggesting cloth masks slow the spread so that's a pretty good endorsement.
Nobody has really been saying that cloth masks will prevent *you* from getting sick.
The cloth mask will catch most of your aeresolized droplets from which the virus spreads.
Herd immunity is a thing, but vaccines are a far safer way, if we can slow the spread even a bit with a simple cloth covering then why not?
Cloth masks in Febuary would have saved so many lives.
Conservatives whine because Democrats want them to wear a piece of cloth over their mouth for a few hours a week for a few months.
I had an eye appointment yesterday, and the clinician put athletic tape over the top of my (cloth) mask to seal it.
Cloth mask is better than nothing, I’d opt for surgical masks.
A cloth mask is an act of public decency.
Studies on how respiratory viruses spread go back to 1900 or earlier, and by 1918 it was well understood that even cloth masks help reduce transmission, but the science to say that this protection would be applicable in the case of this brand-new virus was not there yet.
Cloth masks do next to nothing.
Way more breathable than regular cloth and everyone is selling them nowadays, even officedepot.
Just wear a piece of cloth over your face and you’ll be good.
Cloth face coverings should NOT be worn by children under the age of 2 or **anyone who has trouble breathing**, is unconscious, incapacitated, or otherwise unable to remove the mask without assistance.
They don't make up their scare tactics whole cloth, they know what they are talking about because it's what they do when they are in power.
Cloth masks: Dangerous to your health?
Date:April 22, 2015Source:University of New South WalesSummary:Respiratory infection is much higher among healthcare workers wearing cloth masks compared to medical masks, research shows.
Cloth masks should not be used by workers in any healthcare setting, authors of the new study say.
The widespread use of cloth masks by healthcare workers may actually put them at increased risk of respiratory illness and viral infections and their global use should be discouraged, according to a UNSW study.
The results of the first randomized clinical trial (RCT) to study the efficacy of cloth masks were published in the journal BMJ Open.
The trial saw 1607 hospital healthcare workers across 14 hospitals in the Vietnamese capital, Hanoi, split into three groups: those wearing medical masks, those wearing cloth masks and a control group based on usual practice, which included mask wearing.
The study found respiratory infection was much higher among healthcare workers wearing cloth masks.
The penetration of cloth masks by particles was almost 97% compared to medical masks with 44%.
Professor Raina MacIntyre, lead study author and head of UNSW's School of Public Health and Community Medicine, said the results of the study caution against the use of cloth masks.
"We should be cautious about cloth mask use in healthcare settings, particularly high-risk situations such as emergency departments, intensive care, paediatric or respiratory wards."
Cloth masks remain widely used globally because they are a cheaper option especially in areas where there are shortages of protective equipment, including in Asian countries, which have historically been affected by emerging infectious diseases, as well as in West Africa, which was the epicentre of the recent Ebola epidemic.
The authors speculate that the cloth masks' moisture retention, their reuse and poor filtration may explain the increased risk of infection.
"Effective controls of outbreaks and pandemics at the origin impacts us directly, so it is important for global disease control that the use of cloth masks be discouraged in high-risk situations," she said.
"Despite more than half the world using cloth masks, global disease control guidelines, including those from the World Health Organisation, fail to clearly specify conditions of their use.
"These guidelines need to be updated to reflect the higher infection risk posed by cloth masks, as found in our study."
Professor MacIntyre said the study's results pointed to the effectiveness of medical masks, in addition to the harm caused by cloth masks.
[Here's a page from the CDC](explicitly telling people to wear a cloth mask, with a bunch of studies cited at the bottom.
So basically, as the science has shown (for more than a century, actually) wearing even rudimentary cloth masks works to protect others from being infected by a person who doesn't think they're infected, but actually is, and thus, the spread of the virus is significantly reduced.
Most medical masks(even cloth coverings) will help reduce the droplets of moisture that naturally come from your mouth when speaking/breathing.
If you need a declarative statement to understand the point being made, here's one for you:  Everyone should be wearing a mask(even cloth masks) unless there's a medically necessary reason why it can't be worn and in those cases, they should be quarantining as much as possible and avoiding public spaces.
Protesting a damn piece of cloth.
Funny, but yall snowflakes are so triggered by a piece of cloth.
those look like cloth ones too.
You can wear the cloth on the outside and wear a paper one under it if you come across it.
the cloth would help keep the droplets of with an extra layer of protection.
That's just a piece of cloth, ain't gonna block shit.
Masks- disposable/cloth.
You must temporarily wear a tiny cloth on your mouth to save hundreds of thousands of lives, *but* you have a perpetual and protected right to say whatever you want to say without retribution from your government.
Ah, yes, because HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF LIVES will be saved by a "tiny cloth"
If you can’t be bothered to wear a piece of cloth around your mouth and nose to protect yourself and everyone you come in contact with I feel like you calling me a monster is pretty damn hypocritical.
"How do cloth face coverings prevent the spread of COVID-19?
If you cant breathe through a thin layer of cloth perhaps you need to see a doctor.
The cloth face cover is meant to protect other people in case you are infected.
The cloth face cover is not a substitute for social_distancing.
It’s just science and a cloth.
Sure, the cloth masks or used medical masks wont prevent the spread 100% but it would slow it down.
The CDC specifically said that social_distancing guidelines still apply when wearing cloth masks because they don't stop Corona.
It needs to be at least a double-layer cloth mask or a proper surgical mask like people wear in the medical world.
Please link where the cdc said that cloth masks don't stop corona.
I guess your right that this is based on MY moral yardstick but I'm comfortable saying that life itself is more important than your ability to not wear a piece of cloth.
Says the guy who thinks tens of thousands of people in close proximity on the street represents zero danger of spreading an airborne virus just because they're wearing cloth masks with no filters.
Surgical and correctly made cloth masks most definitely DO help protect you if worn correctly, but N-95 masks have the best filtration system.
Cloth masks are better than nothing but far from useful about being infected.
But the simple act of stifling water vapor from being shot across the room by breathing speaking or talking is why cloth masks are recommended.
Hamilton says a cloth mask will not prevent you from breathing in respiratory droplets that carry a virus, like COVID-19.
Also it’s known that a piece of cloth won’t protect you but if you’re sick, it WILL protect others.
Also, I have multiple (like 2-3) cloth masks that I wash and re use.
A 50 cent cloth is not PPE.
Don't want to get that pesky CO2 poisoning, that somehow after centuries of wearing cloth masks, just started to become a problem.
Our descendants must have been cut from a different cloth.
Where they found almost no difference in filtering between no mask and several non-surgical cloth masks?
This study did not aim to verify whether surgical or cloth masks are able to shorten the trajectory of droplets emitted through coughing.
Cloth masks are actually terrible public policy, that's why people are going to stop wearing them now.
Besides, it has already been stated by the CDC that so long as you mind the guidelines (6foot distance with a cloth covering and often washing your hands), there’s little chance of you getting sick.
Then if she's a *nurse* you surely know a "piece of cloth" does not stop virus transmission.
I have assed wipes things down with a wash cloth with semi clean sanitizer and I was considered one of the better closers at most places.
Otherwise, start buying plexiglass to make a cage for your desk.
For now, the plexiglass idea isn't bad.
“It’s going to be long lines, social_distancing, masks, plexiglass, don’t touch the merchandise and don’t try anything on but please give us your money.”
Stay at the front of the class put some plexiglass around your desk with a little hole for the kids decide their paper through if they need help.
Teachers should get the same ppe as every other essential worker plexiglass and a mask.
This way the kids wear the mask to the classroom and their seat and then take them off once they are behind the plexiglass.
You have plexiglass at the desks?
Duval county has spent $4 million on plexiglass for every desk.
They've always been super proactive about this since the start though, with plexiglass, signs, and masks on almost everyone working there.
I work in retail, I’m also taller than the plexiglass they put in our store.
It's frustrating because I've been asking for plastic/plexiglass divider for a while now.
The Tx Legislature already has plexiglass around all their seats in Austin, even though they don't meet again until 2021, yet we're starting school in August with no masks.
I can go grocery shopping and not get within 6 ‘ of another person, except the cashier but they have a plexiglass shield.
I live in the country, go to the little Dollar General once every week and a half or so for foodstuff that I don't grow in the garden, and don't get within 8-10 feet of anyone other than the cashier where they have the plexiglass plate.
Invest in plexiglass and Clorox!
The floor and the cafeteria remind me of those study cubicles in the library except that they are clear plexiglass.
And now that it's time to go back to work parents are like, Just put on a hazmat suit and some goggles.
ASU PD really needed those full auto M16s, NV goggles and "Assault Packs" for directing traffic at Gammage.
Now you have idiots like Fauci saying we should be wearing goggles too.
Then I add goggles (or at a minimum wraparound safety glasses for some place I'm only going to be for a few minutes).
Try wearing a mask *and* safety goggles.
Went to Walmart and picked up swim goggles today.
But when I have to wear my reading glasses, I'll use the safety goggles.
But it's masks *and* goggles for me.
And since a mask only protects two out of three routes of entry, I'm now wearing goggles.
But she wears a mask and goggles all day long.
Guest and cast have to have temp checks and wear a mask and some of the cast will have to wear goggles too.
That's goggles or, at a minimum, wraparound glasses.
Everyone should be required to wear goggles.
Goggles would also help, but they probably aren't worth the hassle, and it's only your own risk there.
Which is why the CDC needs to come out and say people need to wear goggles.
Maybe adding advice about goggles would complete this pattern.
People need to wear goggles, too.
People need to wear green goggles, too.
ASU is money hungry (always have been), from not returning parking pass money even though students weren’t coming to campus, to waiting till the deadline for cap and gown orders to announce online commencement.
I literally had plans to go to GradFest when we got back to buy a cap and gown.
Some equipment was installed in the hallways so nurses did not have to gown up to enter to check the equipment.
Hair and nail salons also seem to be a place where common surfaces are exchanged by many people an hour, and on low margin services like that i wouldnt doubt they cut corners on things like measuring incoming customer temperatures and surgical grade wipedowns on seats and gowns.
Does she have a gown/smock, or alternative work clothes to wear?
And I figure gowns will realistically have to be changed between patients---and that's not usually something we do.
Most cases, gowns/lab coats are worn all day unless soiled.
My wife works in an ICU, and when she told a man he had to have a mask and gown on, he leaned over the desk and shouted in her face, "Be sure to thank me for your immunity later!"  They had to have Security remove him.
Hey just got my cap and gown from buccees.
But don’t forget to sprinkle on top that they can’t get any equipment to perform surgeries (been June backordered since mid-February on gowns alone), and you’ve got the makings of what could end up being a very difficult situation.
They do sell the stuff to make gowns and masks.
So we don't have the soap box, we don't have the ballot box, we don't have the jury box... what's that leave?
Pick up your soapbox and take it to a different post Karen.
And many do not have the income to purchase soap, hand_sanitizer, or even food... especially when they have to drive an hour to the closest store (if they have the money for gas) only to find that things are out of stock.
But also be aware of the grassroots efforts by the local health centers, the Johns Hopkins Center for American Indian Health, and the Navajo Nation to obtain and allocate resources (including food, water, soap, disinfectants, educational materials, etc) and to provide the best care possible.
Bet you even have some soap.
No hand_sanitizer, antibacterial soap or toilet paper to be found.
Reminder to wash_your_hands regularly with soap and water, and avoid touching your face.
Off soap box.
Restroom (head) must have CDC cleanliness guidelines posted, be sanitized/disinfected hourly or as needed; soap, water, and/or hand_sanitizer for patrons required.
There definitely are the stereotypical Florida natives that aren’t the sharpest bars of soap in the toaster, but I live close to numerous vacation destination towns.
- student bathrooms are often lacking soap and paper towels as they are only serviced at the end of the school day.
"I've got towels and handsoaps a plenty"
Enjoy your soapbox.
My former high school wasn’t consistent with keeping the paper towel, toilet paper, or hand soap refilled and that was for 4 years straight.
They even installed hand washing stations all around that have soap and water operated with by a foot pedal.
You can apply a little liquid soap to them to prevent this.
Also, Hillsborough is in trouble right now... it has a money scandal ($50 millions vanished recently), possibly no teacher raises with the COVID crisis, over 400 missing teachers/vacancies, poor communication with parents, a trend of locked bathrooms/no soap, etc...
Those countries properly fund education, so they don’t have 30 elementary school students crammed into a tiny classroom with no budget for soap and windows that don’t open.
Oh boo fucking hoo on your soapbox.
But the moment people start panicking again, we will be out of toilet paper and soap for another month.
I know that a lot of schools have trouble keeping even basic stuff like soap and paper towels in stock, but just gloss over it, or push it on someone else.
I hate it, I don't want to go back, my school doesn't even have soap dispensers in all the bathrooms, but individual school boards or teachers unions can't just say no.
“There are four boxes to be used in the defense of liberty: soap, ballot, jury, and ammo.
I linked actual data from John Hopkins but yeah keep believing estimates from April over what’s happening in real time so you can stand on your soap box and get downvoted.
Im already doing as much as i can to keep me and my loved ones safe, we get our groceries deliveried, clean them with bleach and then soap+water, wear masks to anywhere we need to go and only go to essential places like drs appointments.
Many people, if they had the ability to do that, would love to do so but since you like to stand on your soapbox and preach you fail to recognize and realize that, unlike yourself, some people just don't earn enough of a wage to have enough to put away several months worth of savings because everything that got coming in is going out and don't have someone else bringing money into the household with them.
i like to soap up there.
What will you do when there is no more soap or body wash left to buy.
Great soap box.
everyone is out of soap here.
amazon is out of soap.
you can make your own soap btw.
I will have to look that up how to make soap.
Germs is a plot made up so they could sell disinfectants and soaps." Now he's crazy, right?
you can get soap on Amazon delivered right to your house.
I think he’s made a great case for himself as a fucking idiot and if you think he hasn’t then you’re willfully ignorant and should just stop soapboxing over partisanship as if we care what color underwear he’s wearing.
As well be sure to shower right away (shampoo, soap, eveything), put your clothes right into the wash as well.
Everyone maintaining distance, cleaning surfaces, going through soap like crazy... Plus at the very least it looks like the only people on the roads are the ones going to and from work.
Nobody says antiviral soap.
Antibacterial soap only targets bacteria.
It's no more effective against a virus than regular hand soap.
Regular hand soap is highly effective against a virus.
[Deadly viruses are no match for plain old soap.
Why does soap work so well on the new coronavirus and, indeed, most viruses?
Soap dissolves the fat membrane, and the virus falls apart like a house of cards and “dies,” or rather, it becomes inactive as viruses aren’t really alive.
Right my point is that antibacterial soap isn’t going to help more than soap, and viruses are considered microbes.
For example third bottle of soap is 100$.
I  told them there is not enough soap to wash all of the blood off their  hands if they did nothing.
as an alternative to lysol spray, i would recommend leaving anything you can't wash with soap and water out in the sun for at least 24 hours; COVID-19 is heat-labile and most viruses are sensitive to UV light.
For cleaning hands and face, probably should stick with soap and water.
Masks are effective only when used in combination with frequent hand-cleaning with alcohol-based hand rub or soap and water.
With hand_sanitizers and soaps there were people buying out the stock to sell on Amazon and other online platforms at a markup before those were shut down.
Make sure you have plenty of cleaning supplies: bleach spray, dish soap, hand soap, detergent, etc.
We even have a beach that's a wildlife preserve, but bring your own toilet paper and soap (seriously, the bathrooms are like upgraded port-a-potties.).
Clean your hands with soap and water (preferred) for at least 20 seconds or with an alcohol-based hand_sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.
I work at a school, they're are no soap dispensers in the boys bathrooms, and our county has confirmed cases.
Not you OP, the county for the lack of soap ew wtf.
wash_your_hands thoroughly with soap & water for at least 20 seconds, every time you wash_your_hands.
first wash hands and scrub , then the soap.
Politics has to be a damn soap opera all the time.
These fucks have no business running for office nor do they even deserve a soap box to shout from in the street.
The trick is to load the water full of soap and open up all schools inside of water parks.
whenever i buy produce, as soon as its home everything gets a wash, soak, rinse and repeat in a sink of soapy water for a good 10-15 minutes.
My mom's school lacks soap in the bathrooms 90% of the time, so yeah.
yea we connect a hose to a outside sink with this special soap.
I’m not effecting you get off your soap box.
No,  is it cutting down the spread yes... hint of advise hand wash with good smelling hand soap,  or spray with peppermint oil or any other oil you prefer,  it helps.
The "moderators" or neighborhood leads are usually the neighborhood karens who initially created the neighborhood, so they often use it as their own personal soapbox or to push whatever MLM bullshit is hip at the moment.
A big reason we're in this shitty mess is because the press keeps pandering to these politicians and giving them a soapbox.
We already have parents complaining that we use antibacterial soap and that hand_sanitizer is bad for their skin.
Hand soap.
Supreme Court let stand a ruling that, for now, Texas does not have provide inmates at one prison with hand_sanitizer, masks and unrestricted access to soap amid the coronavirus pandemic.
How about we react like we do with other yearly illnesses - the sick stay home, healthy people wash their hands with soap, and we leave the masks in the fabric shops.
The jibberish on a bottle of dr bronners soap makes more sense than this.
Said the person who doesn’t use plastic, most medicine, shampoo, soap, batteries, perfume, deodorant, parts for your refrigerator, dish washer, most parts in your electric car, etc.
Killing people due to no soap/cleaning products?
God... my family is obsessed with bucees and I always rolled my eyes... but I so badly want to walk around... pick up a slushee, but some bucee socks, some nice soap, a dog toy, and cheese cubes for a snack.
Gotta wash'em for 20 seconds with blessed soap and holy water.
No laundry or dish soap of any kind.
Still limit on frozen pizza (how much room does anyone have left in the freezer?) Still no rubbing alcohol, peroxide, OTC cold medicine, anti-bacterial soap, but tons of bar soap?
(Paper products, hand soap) I have been lucky and  local HEBs I've shopped have kept up well with most other groceries.
H-E-B here in Austin seems to be out of even basic stuff like dish washer detergent, we hit up an El Rancho today and while it was busy as shit for an El Rancho, they had about everything in stock but packaged bread - TP, soaps, detergent, meat since they've got actual butchers still, all the vegetables under the sun.
Yesterday at Kroger all the liquid soap was gone except for Meyers because everyone looked at that tiny $4 bottle and said "hell no" lol they'd rather die.
But if China did things like put soap and TP in every bathroom, clean bathrooms regularly and stop spitting in public en mass, disease and viruses won’t spread nearly as fast and would be easier to contain.
I’m just extending your position further to say that if China put things like soap or TP in every bathroom, the culture would shift toward more hygienic and ultimately reject their consumption of dirty animals.
Now I have to decide between hand soap or my electric bill.
Edit: and for the actual price gougers it'll just create a speculative market on goods, where the possibility of a run on soap will accidentally create a run on soap, where people who 'get in early' are given permission to resell at a markup for having keen eyes on the market.
If the price was $1, they wouldn't have the option because there'd be no soap (the hoarders got it first)
Soap will dissolve the capsid.
I haven't been out, but my sister said Bath and Body Works still had plenty of soap and sanitizer when she went.
We have a restroom and plenty of soap and disinfectant, but I think hand_sanitizer is very much a placebo to help people control the anxiety that is being whipped up right and left.
The only things they were really out of were bleach, Clorox wipes, hand soap and bread.
(I literally have a ton of soap and germ-X)
Moooost of them close around midnight so heads up there, and yeah I’mma need bath soap soon...
Just buy soap, and wash_your_hands.
Yes soap and water is best!
I’ve found the shelves at HEB sparse of TP, bleach, cleaning wipes, hand soap, and rice/beans.
I hang about with people without a mask on and I don’t use hand_sanitizer.
Meanwhile, teachers have to buy their own hand_sanitizer while they write their living wills to prepare for reopening schools.
 3,200 gallons of hand_sanitizer.
One thing I keep hearing is the struggle to figure out how to supply things like sanitizer, masks, etc when school budgets are already tight.
The best they've done is put up hand_sanitizer.
My boss makes a hilarious show of getting hand_sanitizer before coming over to my desk since I've made it clear that I do not want anyone touching me or near me.
The move in a store is mask + hand_sanitizer.
Use sanitizer at regular intervals, especially if you're grocery shopping and touching multiple surfaces.
♥ Hospital grade/CDC recommended disinfectant and hand_sanitizer will be available to members in all areas of the club for wiping equipment before and after use.**
hand_sanitizer was free flowing thanks to a bunch of kind and conscientious volunteers.
Admittedly, the theme parks, hotels, and airports had hand_sanitizer readily available.
It's going to take a lot of hand_sanitizer and injected disinfectant to clean up the vile, fetid, pustulent slime trail that Drumpf leaves behind.
The sanitizers used to wipe down golf carts and balls should be going to health professionals.
Save the sanitizer for health care professionals and go on a walk outside, it’s a small sacrifice for the health of the public.
oh because a week ago we got a four pack of tissue after trying to find any for multiple days... now out of hand_sanitizer and eggs, but it would take 20 store trips to probably find any... and lysol aerosol that was always on hand in my house has not been seen in about a month, this is why we cannot lock down properly and our death rates will go up.
now I am getting to the point of asking if it is even worth the risk of seeing others in the stores to try to go get hand_sanitizer or tissue.
I had tons of the little travel hand_sanitizer bottles from conventions and other misc.
Yeah the Sprouts near me had an empty shelf of hand_sanitizer.
Where we were, they did a lot to keep us safe (more hand_sanitizer than I've ever seen in one place) and most people had masks, but even with that, I got tested as soon as I could once I got home.
You think the GOP is going to let a minimum wage worker sue Walmart for not providing hand_sanitizer?
My husband does the shopping and always wears a mask outside the house due to having a teenage daughter with severe autism when anyone comes to door I ask them to use the hand_sanitizer while at the door and always have mask on.
Shop online or learn how sanitizer works.
Compare them to Sea World or Bush Gardens where they basically installed a few hand_sanitizer stations and somewhat suggest that you might want to wear a mask but whatever.
I leave my vehicle with a mask and hand_sanitizer.
I expect the desks to be fairly spaced out, and I’m bringing a mask + hand_sanitizer.
I've had to buy it myself, along with individual hand_sanitizers for my kids and individual wipes for their desks so we don't all touch the same Clorox box.
Or sanitizer).
No one uses hand_sanitizer they just touch shit and then touch their faces or (the few who actually wear masks) will reach and touch them immediately after touching an elevator button..
EVERYWHERE else in the world, everything is shut down and people are wearing masks and hand_sanitizer is next to everything all the time.
He even wiped down my door handles and steering wheel with hand_sanitizer.
I'd wear a mask and use hand_sanitizer as much as possible.
Had hand_sanitizer on me and kept my distance.
6 foot away signs everywhere, EVERY SINGLE PERSON was wearing a mask, every ride I was given hand_sanitizer, the separation was strictly enforced, I was quite impressed.
Every ride was cleaned either before we got on it or after we got off and we were offered sanitizer again.
I believe I read they would be at 30% capacity, spaced out waiting lines for rides, no shows or fireworks to avoid people crowding, and hand_sanitizers galore.
Toilet paper and hand_sanitizer perhaps.
Trust me I want this virus gone and done with and have my masks and hand_sanitizer but that's my freedom.
I have hand_sanitizer.
A lot of people were handing out masks and hand_sanitizer.
Everyone was issued their own personal sanitizer bottle and rag upon entry, and if you didn't do what you were supposed to you go thrown out on the spot.
I think that back in February when we saw how quick it could travel that we should have started to ramp up production of PPE, hand_sanitizer, ventilators then but instead we waited until the hospitals in Seattle and NYC started to become overrun with patients.
- hand_sanitizer will be available on-site.
Stay safe, stay indoors, use masks, and hand_sanitizer.
Their COVID-19 precautions are hand_sanitizers at the entrances and masks are not mandatory.
I often use hand_sanitizer before and after store transactions.
wash_your_hands and use hand_sanitizer.
So you just switch to a sanitizer that kills covid, train staff in the new method of sanitation, make your staff wear masks, and really hound them to be sanitary with hand washing etc.
Me too, everyone here in Pasco county acting like it's over, not wearing masks, I  always wear a mask and have hand_sanitizer with me, this will be my normal everyday attire from now on.
The Executive Office of the Governor issued two emergency purchase orders in March and April for hand_sanitizer from the firm totaling more than $2 million.
You may forget and grab the sanitizer by mistake.
It came from a comment some customers I had one day that were thinking the bottles of sanitizer were lube for a moment before I corrected them.
Here in Palm Beach County, almost all the stores are open, but EVERYONE is wearing a mask and using hand_sanitizer.
I'm having surgery in 4 days and have been isolating/never go out without a mask/sanitizer and hand washing CONSTANTLY.
Especially not without a mask and hand_sanitizer.
Have you forgotten that sanitizer supply has become scarce these days?
Also I've had no trouble finding hand_sanitizer.
Every store I've been too so far has had TP, and many liquor companies have started producing hand_sanitizer.
Restaurants & hotels still can't reliably get hand_sanitizer, disinfectants, bleach & paper products.
Trader Joe's limits how many people can be in the store, has markers of where to stand in line, has banned bringing your own bag, and has hand_sanitizer readily available and is giving out hand_sanitizer as you leave.
going to work at an essential business, go hand_sanitizer!
Any tips on finding some hand_sanitizer?
the distillery i work at is closed to the public- still making hand_sanitizer though.
Forget about hand_sanitizer.
Can confirm, bought 3 bottles of 91% alcohol also works as sanitizer.
luckily she's far from my desk but I Lysol wipe everything and use hand_sanitizer like no tmo and washing my hands 24/7.
using literally all of it for sanitizer - somewhere around 1k liters atm.
I haven't been able to find any sanitizer.
But every time I have exited and entered the car, I have soaked my hands and arms in hand_sanitizer.
We got so many eye rolls and snide comments for our masks and hand_sanitizer.
In and out with a mask on, hand_sanitizer and dissinfecting wipes in the car.
AND A EXPLOSION OF hand_sanitizerS!
It’s weird trying to make sure I have things like masks and sanitizer for something as mundane as a trip to Publix.
Masks and hand_sanitizer.
All you need to do is have a shopping list in the car that has "toilet paper" and "sanitizer" on it.
They stayed apart, didn't touch, used plenty of hand_sanitizer.
I'm washing my hands and using sanitizer so much I'm developing a rash on both hands... all unnecessary when I can do my job from home.
My bf would sit outside starbucks in his car to use the WiFi and count the amount of people in 30 minutes continue to walk inside rather than use the drive thru (70+), I was there 2 weeks ago and saw groups still going out to eat, the hand_sanitizers at the gas station pumps are full.
Am forced to use carts sometimes but I keep sanitizer wipes in my bag, wipe down the cart, and I ride solo or not at all.
I’m eat plant based, don’t smoke, don’t drink, carried hand_sanitizer before it was cool, get a flu shot every year, and any vaccine at my disposal.
I knew this was fake when you said he had a cart full of hand_sanitizer.
Costco will refuse returns on hand_sanitizer, cleaning supplies and toilet paper.
I desperately need some Lysol spray, hand_sanitizer, masks, for my in-laws.
JFC, SMH... Rubbing alcohol sold out before the hand_sanitizer.
How was I able to get 5 bottles when I couldn’t find hand_sanitizer.
just came back from voting - my place seemed well stocked with sanitizers, offered tissues for using pens & assured me they sanitized everything every hour.
When I talked to her this morning I reminded her to take her own black ink pen and sanitizer.
The Publix up the road from me had all of the TP stolen out of their bathrooms this morning, and apparently multiple Publix stores have had problems with people stealing the sanitizer wipes at the store entrance.
MegaCon said they are adding more sanitizer stations and cleaning more.
They make a crazy statement about hand_sanitizer and vow to go on, then cancel at the last second for some random reason.
hand_sanitizer is what you should be complaining about.
Nobody has any hand_sanitizer.
Sold out of Lysol, bleach, hand_sanitizer and rubbing alcohol.
Shelves in grocery stores were emptied of TP, paper towels, tissues, tinned vegies, rice, pasta, water, hand_sanitizer, etc..
I've heard reports that hand_sanitizer is out everywhere.
No worries , you will be alright :) Stay away from crowd , wash hands/use a sanitizer.
I carry hand_sanitizer in my car, so if taking a mask off while I'm in my car, hand sanitized.
hand_sanitizer is scarce.
It’s like hand_sanitizer for your blood.
If you learn how to make sanitizer it would be far less stressful about buying hand_sanitizer.
Hasn’t Costco been out of hand_sanitizer for a week?
I haven’t checked Costco for hand_sanitizer but target has been out for a while in Kansas City.
honestly i think it's a prank, check their see-thru purse with a sanitizer in it 😂
I'm not saying forgo facial masks, hand_sanitizer, and washing hands.
protestors wore masks and used hand_sanitizer.
Some guy did that with hand_sanitizer and got caught.
- Use sanitizer when washing isn't feasible.
I can do my part and donate masks, sanitizer, extra cleaning supplies, etc.
Most of the people at the protests were wearing masks, using hand_sanitizer and taking precautions.
Given the TP, hand-sanitizer, lysol spray etc hoarding that was going on, can you really blame them?
\ Parker scrounged up money to pay her employees, manufactured her own hand_sanitizer and started selling masks, she said, even though she doesn’t wear them herself — and has [since banned the face coverings](from her very own watering hole in the East Texas town of Kilgore.
Imagine watching countless mouth breathing idiots that walk into said understaffed restaurant, put the menu 3 inches from their face when the idiot before them in line did the same thing 30 seconds before, not even giving the poor girl a chance to squeeze some sanitizer on it.
Same should apply when it’s time to vote onsite, followed by a squirt of hand_sanitizer.
People take it seriously - they wear masks, stay far apart, and always have hand_sanitizer on them.
In situations where you don't have hand_sanitizer and are moving from patient to patient multiple times a day.
A mask isn't 100% effective and I doubt all of the protesters and the looters were liberally applying hand_sanitizer.
There’s generally been people handing out masks and people with hand_sanitizer from what I hear from friends who are participating.
I used hand_sanitizer way more than I normally would because it was uncomfortable.
There's no evidence that root beer is a good hand_sanitizer, but pouring it on your hands can't hurt.
It’s gone be somebody standing in the bathroom with hand_sanitizer, gum, and Lysol wipes.
- tubs of hand_sanitizer, extra custodial staff, funded by the state.
Sanitizer yes.
This is what protects the elderly, not going mad and dumping hand_sanitizer on everything.
I'm not -too- worried about it out doors as long as I have my sanitizer and distance.
While they may be true, do you think that someone who won't wear a mask is also taking other precautions like frequent hand washing / using hand_sanitizer?
I get my hands sprayed with alcohol sanitizer so many times a day I don't count anymore.
No mask, no bathing in sanitizer.
You are well within your rights to walk around without a mask and not bathe in sanitizer and go to bars and do whatever you want, but understand that your actions will carry consequences much greater than small business shutting down.
And there's hand_sanitizer inside each stall.
You don't get herd immunity by staying inside, wearing masks, and using gallons of hand_sanitizer.
Staying indoors, wearing masks, and using hand_sanitizer absolutely does not weaken your immune system.
Even heb isn't doing the sanitizer shit they used to.
Important to note that the hand_sanitizer should not be more than 70% alcohol because higher than that evaporates too quickly to be as effective of a cleaner for your hands.
Use hand_sanitizer.
With the extra week shut, I wouldn't be surprised if they used the time to restock sanitizer and make some safety changes.
I’m trying to get in and out as quickly as I can so I can bath in hand_sanitizer and this lady was just blocking the entire aisle with her cart full of her bougie organic everything and wine on one side while she stared intently at the various chip options on the other.
Hence the reason for all the sanitizer, washing hands, wearing masks (primarily to keep droplets from spreading to surfaces).
Also, hand_sanitizer, we all know how cheap it was and now it’s outrageous.
In my city in west Texas you can still find sanitizers for .99c at gas stations, 711s to be exact, and they still have cheap tp.
Send her to the back of the line and use some hand_sanitizer cause she sounds like a hoe...
Im making hand_sanitizer in my body... Soon my sneezes will kill viruses.
They have staff pumping sanitizer into your hands and another member handing wipes out for the carts.
And I like how my HEB won't let you in the door if you don't they use hand_sanitizer they have out.
Strongly advised by staff before entering and getting another complimentary dose of sanitizer to stay 6ft apart inside, 4ppl per aisle max.
wash_your_hands whenever possible, bring your own wipes and hand_sanitizer, use them liberally when travelling, don't touch your face, don't touch anything you don't have to.
I am sure it would make great hand_sanitizer but I would not drink it...
H-E-B on Bellaire and H-E-B at Meyerland we’re fine and had everything but hand_sanitizer.
One sick baby in the arms of a single worker, she can't hand_sanitizer or bleach her arms and chest and clothing each and every time.
Ranger Creek in San Antonio has also made 80% alcohol hand_sanitizer available for free!
Pretty sure you can report them, hesrt Amazon and Ebay are cracking down on toilet paper and sanitizer.
Necessity is the key word, you'd have to make a real strong case for toilet paper or hand_sanitizer.
Do you really think that piece of shit who bought 17,000 bottles of hand_sanitizer would have stopped buying if the prices were raised?
That hand_sanitizer guy selling them for $70 each, thought he was sitting on $1,260,000.
Oh yeah that guy selling hand_sanitizer for $70 a bottle on Amazon was insane.
I just think it's ironic that so many people who fly the "Don't tread on me" or "Come and take it" flags have the audacity to be outraged and run to the government because the price of hand_sanitizer is being gouged.
Let's say, there were a total of 17,000 bottles of hand_sanitizer.
I went to 5 stores yesterday looking for hand_sanitizer and/or rubbing alcohol, they were all out.
I probably would have paid 5-10x normal price for a smaller bottle of alcohol or sanitizer, but that's illegal so store shelves are empty.
And if price gouging is prevented, nobody would have the urge to deplete the stock of hand_sanitizer of an entire fucking state to try and capitalize on fear.
I'm not aware of any toilet paper or hand_sanitizer factories that have exploded in recent weeks.
hand_sanitizer only works against bacteria.
We will continue to see those clients not able to handle remote consulting, and we'd like to have some hand_sanitizer for them.
One 24 pack of water bottles per person, one hand_sanitizer, one pack of toilet paper, Lysol spray, etc, people are nuts.
Even got a pack of TP and hand_sanitizer.
I'm sure to slather on the hand_sanitizer before shaking their hands, but the airborne thing scares me.
I didnt buy cases of water, hand_sanitizer, or toilet paper.
Gotta make the hand_sanitizer somehow.
I have not seen any hand_sanitizer for sale for at least 2 weeks now.
80 proof is useless as hand_sanitizer.
31k daily take houston metro no hand_sanitizer available connects all suburbs.
hand_sanitizers everywhere at the rodeo buses and rail not so much.
Well heat does kill viruses, still I'd bring a jug habd sanitizer to this bbq... oh and like 4 loaves of sliced bread (texas toast of course) cause there never is enough of either is there?
CDC is trying to play the middle ground to keep people level headed enough to take appropriate action but instead we have idiots buying all the hand_sanitizer and leaving none for others that will be spreading the germs.
Meanwhile Rodeo Houston might have extra hand_sanitizer available for the millions who attend.
I'm just gonna start using cheap tequila as a sanitizer.
The guy in line in front of me at Lowe's bought two dozen travel size hand_sanitizers.
"lysol" Training_corpus.
I think I might just need a few drops of lysol after looking through that subreddit.
I work at a different park and we're called 'Team Members' which I personally like being called over 'Employee' or 'Associate', or any of those other derogatory terms listed by  u/completelysoldout.
I’m tired of lysoling my office seventeen times a day because tourists couldn’t stay put.
Dude, just walk up and start fucking fumigating the area with Lysol.
I’m a person with a miniature Lysol in my car to disinfect my cards, and my keys.
You just spray it with Lysol before you eat it.
It's ok, we'll just have some kids lysol everything.
I'm told that if we are concerned, we are free to wear masks (that we must obtain ourselves at our own expense) and there are cleaning wipes available to wipe down our workspaces (they are some weird \*all-natural\* wipes that have no claims to kill anything in comparison to Clorox/Lysol wipes).
- [/r/shitpoliticssays] ["i guess I'm cool with it as long as they take appropriate safety measures, by which I mean they should all drink a tall glass of bleach and huff a bunch of lysol before coming down.
they are reacting to all the left wing media who are peddling this idea that he said to inject lysol...
No Lysol, paper towels, toilet paper in Pinellas county.
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*Srry, but do lysol sprays.wipes even help/work?
spray lysol when she speaks lmao ffs that's so shit im sorry.
And you'd better hope you don't miss any spots with that lysol.
I opened the package up outside and hit it heavy with some Lysol.
I guess the masks might be a lost cause, but at the very least where can I find some fricken Lysol?
As OP was saying, for purposes she would use Lysol on.
Lysol to kill the corona virus lol 😂😭🤣
I'm transferring to a different pizza hut in central fl, I'm assuming it wouldn't be crazy to carry a mini Lysol/disinfectant spray for the phone right?
It was all about the paper towels, toilet paper, and Lysol at Sam's Club today.
Get Lysol and spray commonly touched surfaces.
The old people I know are blase about it, while the younger ones have stocked up on lysol.
She's about a bottle of Lysol away from being Antifa.
"Common sense" is what allowed someone who recommended people to inject Lysol into their veins to combat Covid to become president.
Curbside + have a staging area where you keep the full paper bags + wipe down with a cleaning agent all of your items (I rinse all produce with water and then wipe down with a paper towel as I’m not going to Lysol those items) + store your paper bags outside and reuse for compost or yard clippings + wipe down door handle you came in with + wipe down staging area + wash hands several times during this process.
Yea I’m going to the ballot with a mask and a can of Lysol.
Please lysol the gas pump before you fill up your tank for the trip.
Lysol wipes.
Oh and check a old bottle of lysol.
And I believe you’re referring to Lysol bottles indicating it kills coronavirus.
[Lysol Fact Check
You can't both make fun of someone "recommending injection of Lysol" **then actually do it** and complain that OrangeMan bad.
As long as we fill Air Vents with Lysol Spray and keep indoor building lights hot we will be fine.
Just tell her to keep a can of lysol spray beside her and anytime anyone gets to close, to start spraying!
The post office and grocery store smell like Lysol and  irritates your eyes.
I haven't been able to get a single can of Lysol in Milwaukee.
The city went through 15 million cans of lysol.
no produce, no frozen veggies, no beans, no rice, no pasta, no TP, no lysol.
The Clorox wipes help a ton of course but there's still a chance they could get it off someone/forget to wipe something/not wipe something well enough, and then give it to others.
Lots of wet wipes still.
I have a kid and the $249 is a total joke when a box of diapers/wipes takes a large fraction of that.
Just a tip when you get your shopping wipe everything down with anti bacterial wipes because you don't know who has handled them.
With today’s circumstances it’s also a lie that they are providing cleaning supplies and PPE because all of Kilimanjaro safaris has been told they’re out of luck because they ran out of masks and sanitizing wipes, and they’ll “get them eventually”.
It’s all fun and games until a cat 5 wipes your town off the face of the earth.
[wipes forehead]
Then the next person wipes out and shreds their face on the broken glass.
Mask and wipes in the car, bucket of bleach water by the door.
The wipes are only a small fraction of the problem.
No one wipes the equipment down after they use it down here.
I hope someone wipes that smug look off your face.
I work at one of those stores and we ran out of disinfectant a week ago and we do not have cart wipes.
There’s also wet wipes.
Savages buying up the toilet paper baby wipes and water if this is you I hate you.
Best bet is baby wipes right now.
Friendly reminder: unscented* feminine wipes are a good sub for baby wipes, and many stores around here still have them in stock.
Remember people, the virus can only get into your system via your face (eyes nose and mouth), it can not go through your hands so stop touching everything like counters and handrails and shopping carts, use wipes if you have to touch something and clean your hands every time you go out if you must, make a system so you're not transferring germs into your car or house.
James, he picks it up, he wipes it off, he hands it to me like it's all OK.
I've found that lately when I've stopped into our local Dollar General Market, I've decided not to use a cart because they don't have disinfecting wipes (which can also be used to line the hands).
My regular Publix still had the normal wipes a few days ago.
I don't know if they've changed, but I don't know why the other Publix wouldn't have also had the wipes.
Try wet wipes for two weeks and I promise you, you can never go back!
Wet wipes are bad for the environment.
I have one and love it, and while it reduces the amount of wipes used per session I'd never recommend using it alone!
Suddenly a man comes and swipes one of the boxes from their hoarding effort and starts running.
If you didnt already have disinfectant wipes and tp in your house before this shit then you're a dumbass and a nasty fuck.
Bidet and wipes dawg, toilet paper is so old school.
Wipes are actually detrimental to sewage system and environment.
Our only hope is the coronavirus wipes them out.
Everyone knows Ted Cruz picks his nose and wipes it on the back of the seat.
We bought a gallon of disinfectant for more money than I care to admit, and we use that on wipes to wipe down everything.
Yep got my wipes and cleaner in the car always washing down before and after.
I use hand wipes as I leave the store to sanitize.
Most of those textured, grippy metal parts on the bars and all the soft plastic/rubber, porous handles on everything else are cesspools of pathogens, because the wipes don't easily clean those tiny little grooves where hundreds of people have all put their sweaty hands all over.
It was already considered very taboo to not use the provided wet wipes to clean the bench or whatever you were on.
Also the gym members were using the wet wipes on literally everything before and after they touched it.
Last we spoke he said he's using wipes when touching things in public and not shaking everyone's hand anymore and is instead doing the elbow bump thing.
I plan on wiping down each product with wipes, bag my clothes, and shower to avoid contamination.
Didn't help that there were people trying to make a profit by buying up all the tp and baby wipes and selling them for double what the paid.
People are hoarding wipes too.
There also flushable sets wipe and baby wipes which I have not been able to find anywhere but here.
Almost all of the baby wipes were gone too.
Instead we get false crap about HCQ, injecting bleach, masks being political statements, etc.
Lo,l you forgot magick crystals and aquarium cleaner and bleach injections.
Though it was bleach!
Let's inject bleach into our veins... moronic.
So will consuming bleach and injecting UV rays up your anus.
That must be mists of bleach they are spraying on them.
on that note, i need to start a bleach drinking podcast for the kids because it's my first amendment right and its my opinion that science should not stand in the way of progress anymore and bleach is good for you.
Now that the presidents feelings are no longer hurt, he quit the briefings after the bleach incident, he's holding briefings again so we will learn more!
In April you idiots were saying 60k dead by August would be a success, and were defending 'drink bleach' and 'UV light enema' comments.
Don't you have some bleach kool-aid that Daddy told you to drink?
Then a decontamination zone by the door, effective bleach solution in a bucket with sprayers, kids strip off then straight into shower then spray the fuck out of everything.
When things open up slowly, cases will pop up BUT the hospitals will have capacity to take care of the new cases AND we'd have learned more about the virus to properly treat it instead of shooting up bleach.
Does bleach kill it or not?
You’re supposed to soak it in bleach first.
Well, its baked with bleached flour, so I think that covers it.
Maybe they just added extra bleach to the water.
If they can't, we'll still be better off than "drink bleach, fuck masks, look at how much water I can drink".
Do you think putting putting bleach in your body is a good idea too?
He never said put bleach in your body.
One about disinfectant (not specifically bleach), and another about light.
He may have said that publicly, but you know he was pressing for bleach privately.
I thought we were supposed to inject disinfectants, drink bleach and take Malaria medication upon entering crowded areas.
I'm just like, having to explain despite what Qanon says NO pizza is NOT a code word for what type of child you want to molest, despite what Trump says NO Joe Scarborough did NOT kill his assistant, NO baby Jesus did NOT walk the earth for you to become wealthier because you work harder than poor people, NO you should NOT inject bleach in your neck vein to cure the COVID, NO it's NOT fake news Trump was on video and audio saying that...
Bleach kills the coronavirus.
A 1000 ppm bleach solution kills it within a minute.
Sooo smart, how was the bleach?
Maybe they prefer the taste of fish tank cleaner and bleach.
Don't drink bleach.
The goddamn president of the United States pondered aloud, on camera, if we should study injecting bleach to cure a viral illness.
Woah woah, let's not make false accusations, it was drink the bleach and inject the detergent!
It’s funny you mention this, because I’ve been remarking these last few weeks about how careless Conservatives have been with their voter’s lives from not encouraging shelter in place to suggesting bleach injections.
6- I’m not bleaching the groceries, but we aren’t going to a restaurant for the foreseeable future.
I’m wearing a mask and not going anywhere not necessary, but I’m not bleaching my groceries.
5/6-- not bleaching groceries, but taking every other precaution and wearing my mask if I have to go out for groceries.
Probably just nervous and afraid that trump is going to bleach at him.
Who is going to supply the bleach and UV?
you can just dilute bleach in water if you want to kill everything.
Or drink bleach if you want to disinfect yourself (don't do that)
our Publix is pretty dead, the bleach is wiped out.
I'm kind of torn about the local Publix which stations a pair of young people to pre-wipe everyone's carts because they are using a spray bottle and rag, but bleach is supposed to be super-effective and there really isn't a lot of virus around my part of the state.
You'll want anti*microbial* substances, like bleach or 70%+ isopropyl alcohol, to disinfect surfaces.
You can make a big amount of disinfection solution with water and a gallon of bleach.
How bout bleach solution?
Or bleach...
How dirty are your clothes that you need two gallons of bleach?
Meanwhile in Florida Winn Dixie just had a sale where gallons of bleach are $1.25 lol.
I bought the two at the bottom right... not for coronavirus fear, but to flush our sink and bathtub pipes for the 3rd time this month because my wife has Jack-Nicholson-in-As-Good-as-it-Gets caliber OCD... The other bottom shelf bottles to the left were not bleach.
Can't remember what they were, but they weren't bleach.
I know you don’t believe such a thing exists and thus are fine with people drinking bleach because free speech or some dumb shit.
It's right up there with bleach injections.
At this point I’m surprised Abbot didn’t come out and support Trump when trump said to inject bleach and UV Light inside of you.
They were just planning on chasing with bleach.
What would you call somebody who has suggested people inject bleach, injest a UV light, or try a flu vaccine?
I'll just keep cooking at home, shopping online, spraying my packages down with bleach as they arrive.
Y’all really should stop getting your “facts” from people telling you to drink bleach.
Please take a step back collect your thoughts before you just write anything I say off as OraNGe mAN SAy dRInK BlEAch XDDD.
Its very Jim Jones like of him to suggest things like bleach and hydroquiodone (sp?) because his base will believe anything, and also encouraging his people to gather at rallies and restaurants.
When you have President Tide Pods suggesting bleach cocktails and shoving sunlight where the sun don't shine, and when we have bots citing less hospital use as if it were some indication that we over played our hand, you're going to have nutters who think this is all blown out of proportion and halt precautions.
I wasn't aware that "*stop drinking bleach*", which is generally good health advice, would be considered unfriendly.
Besides, "don't drink anymore bleach" (what you said) and "stop drinking bleach" are the same things.
We can play semantics all day, but implying a user drinks bleach for having different political opinions is not allowed.
A user suggests killing off all people to stop outbreaks, as some sort of trump-level sarcasm lulz and you're going to tell me that *no bleach was involved?*  Fine, I concede he may have not *ingested* bleach.
Kanye has written songs about disliking bleach, I’d be careful about that.
Crazy how you probably hold faith in a leader that called this whole disease a hoax but then you stuff your garage full of toilet paper and bleach.
Had to do bleach instead of normal cleaning spray cause thafs all thst was there.
Mask up and wash_your_hands folks!
Regardless... wear a mask and wash_your_hands everyone.
Wear a mask *voluntarily* and wash_your_hands.
If you can't stay 6_feet apart you wear a mask, wash_your_hands often, and don't touch your gloopular glands.
Aside from the Covid you’ll probably get; you’ll have to listen to dozens of “ooo 6_feet bro” “whoaaaa where’s your mask?” *fake coughs* “make sure you wash_your_hands for 20 seconds!” Jokes.
The week before we all got furloughed, my restaurant's GM was making light of the pandemic, offering to sell us toilet paper & writing "nasty virus going around, wash_your_hands :) "  on the board.
You know what, you're probably safe if you use common sense, wash_your_hands frequently and avoid people when you or they are showing active symptoms.
wash_your_hands and take preventative measures.
What can you do but wear a mask and wash_your_hands.
wash_your_hands frequently.
I'm not  saying force them to do it, but at least give them some sound advice to hello them stay safe : Hey all, wash_your_hands, don't touch your face, and wear a bandana mask.But they didn't do that.
While SARS-COV-2 can survive on surfaces, it's much less likely to infect you that way provided you're careful with how you handle packages and wash_your_hands.
If you order takeout, make sure to wash_your_hands before and after eating, don't touch your face.
wash_your_hands religiously.
So wear a freaking MASK, socially distance, and wash_your_hands, it seriously is the least you can do!
You are probably a shitty tipper who does't wash_your_hands 100% of the time after peeing.
Being able to wash_your_hands for 20 seconds in a place like that to the extent you’d need to to protect yourself is not feasible.
Keep wearing masks, please stay inside, wash_your_hands very often,  try to desanitize things.
All we hear about is “wear a mask” “wash_your_hands” “avoid people.”   Want to know how most pathogens get transmitted?
"wash_your_hands" for president!!
So easy to avoid catching anything on your own if you stay home and wash_your_hands now and then, but people seem to need to force others instead of altering their own behavior.
to avoid catching anything on your own if you stay home and wash_your_hands now and then, but people seem to need to force others instead of altering their own behavior.
Just wear a mask, wash_your_hands, avoid crowds, and reduce your social circle to your close friends only.
Stay home, wash_your_hands and wear a mask.
Also, don't touch your face and wash_your_hands while in public spaces, there, now you have a basic knowledge on how to stop the spread of practically every disease ever, you go boy.
Evidently a lot of you were nasty sob's in the first place, who actually needed to be told to wash_your_hands when you get home and not to touch your face all the time?
Everyone wears masks the entire time and you should wash_your_hands often.
Keep your mask on, wash_your_hands, and quarantine mail.
If you’re naked, just cover your dick while you pee, and then wash_your_hands.
What is happening is a lot of folks are getting sick with a potentially deadly virus and people are not doing what they are suppose to do to stay safe which is stay out of public, wear a mask when you are in public, wash_your_hands.
Wear your mask, wash_your_hands, keep your distance, don't be stupid.
Oooor, you keep your distance from them, wear the mask, wash_your_hands, and take the precautions.
-[WaPo: Grocery shopping during the coronavirus: wash_your_hands, keep your distance and limit trips
You're acting like a little baby wanting to tattletale on people instead of just minding your own business call me if you don't feel safe when you go out then wash_your_hands every 5 seconds and quit yer cryin.
Stop being helpless and wear a mask, wash_your_hands, stop touching your face and you will be fine.
Ware mask and wash_your_hands all the time if concerned.
eh, no need to worry if you wash_your_hands and aren't gross.
srry, but in a pandemic, if u dont wash_your_hands, you are worse than gross, you are inconsiderate, to anyone you come in contact with that may get sick from your lack of washing..
You can 'miss a spot' you just have to wash_your_hands after.
wash_your_hands more often and avoid huge crowds and you will be fine.
You can't be part of the problem and wash_your_hands because it wasn't actually YOU who did it.
No they can't pull you over simply for being out, be safe and wash_your_hands.
Just don’t be close to people and wash_your_hands is basically all he said today.
Of course if you don’t wash_your_hands, or constantly touch your face the mask won’t save you.
Nobody is saying panic, they're saying "wash_your_hands and stay home or this could be devastating."
I wish it was just "hey make sure to wash_your_hands and be cautious".
Good night and don’t forget to wash_your_hands.
Open car door while parked and just wash_your_hands after shopping, pumping gas, etc.
All kidding aside great info wash_your_hands and stop touching your face.
Avoid crowded areas, wash_your_hands frequently and correctly, be mindful of touching your face, and practice best personal hygiene practices.
wash_your_hands try not to touch your face (It's hard.
wash_your_hands, try not touching your face too much and drink Diet Coke®️
wash_your_hands for about 30 seconds.
And wash_your_hands.
Yes but if you then touch your mask to remove or adjust it and don't wash_your_hands it's a moot point.
wash_your_hands, clean your phones, and avoid touching your face.
wash_your_hands, take precautions.
wash_your_hands, avoid sick people, stay home when sick, and try not to touch your face and mouth.
Just stay away from people, wash_your_hands, and wear a mask.
Wear a damn mask and wash_your_hands; and do try to stop touching your face so much.
We still stand by the majority accepted stance of the CDC:  Wear a mask, socially distance, wash_your_hands, don't touch your face, etc.
wash_your_hands, wash_your_hands, wash_your_hands.
Our boss thought it would be a real morale booster to play a "wash_your_hands" song to the tune of baby shark.
Have a great day, mask up and wash_your_hands.
- wash_your_hands.
wash_your_hands, wear a mask, and we’ll refrain from making the ‘top half of the list.’
Wear a mask wash_your_hands and stay home.
Do you have access to a toilet and wash_your_hands and face afterwards?
Just wash_your_hands and wear a damn mask, for fuck's sake.
Not when the Governor says repeatedly to wear masks, wash_your_hands, etc... ever since he authorized businesses to open.
Fucking wear a mask and wash_your_hands.
Wear a mask around people, wash_your_hands often and don’t touch your face.
You literally don’t have to do anything different other than wear a freaking mask and wash_your_hands more often!
I mean all you have to do is wear a mask and wash_your_hands.
In other words, he suggests you wash_your_hands when you feel like it and go to church and pray that grandma and uncle Benny on chemo doesn't die next week.
Once you touch ANYTHING you need to remove them and re-wash_your_hands.
And yes, anyone can control a disease, if you just wash_your_hands regularly, don't go near people if you don't have to, and wear a mask if you must go out.
Wear a mask, wash_your_hands.
It is your responsibility to wash_your_hands.
Instead of everyone getting on the same page and simply saying, "Please wear a mask, wash_your_hands, etc.,", certain county judges, specifically Harris County Judge Hidalgo, said people would be ticketed and fined for not wearing a mask.
Instead of everyone getting on the same page and simply saying, "Please wear a mask, wash_your_hands, etc.,"
Do you not wash_your_hands before eating?
If you touch a surface with the virus, you can wash_your_hands.
So wash_your_hands.
Be smart, wash_your_hands, and stay home when possible until this whole thing is over.
Wear a mask around strangers, wash_your_hands, avoid old and sick people.
wash_your_hands, don't touch your face, and get on with life.
Just wear a mask, wash_your_hands and stay away from folks.
Keep distance from people, cover your mouth, wash_your_hands.
Yes, you can wash_your_hands.
Think you're gonna stop between reps to wash_your_hands?
You can wash_your_hands regularly?
wash_your_hands, wear a mask, and don’t use break rooms for the time being and you should be good.
Wasn't it the CDC itself that initially said - indeed as it has *always* said - that the best way to avoid catching a cold it to wash_your_hands and not touch you face?
Just do what people have always done... wash_your_hands, don't touch your face.
Feel free to go walk around without protection, don't wash_your_hands, and maybe even lick some door knobs if you're SO sure the data is wrong.
Grab your old man, stay away from everyone, wash_your_hands, and get out.
Also, wash_your_hands.
and wash_your_hands!
wash_your_hands and talk to someone about it ... over that phone.
The virus isnt known to survive on food, so yeah I would not be worried as long as you remove from the food from the containers, wash_your_hands, then eat.
So if you wash_your_hands after unwrapping and don't touch your nose or eyes you'd be good.
You should honestly wash_your_hands after touching a pickle jar, but that's a lot of effort.
Stay safe and wash_your_hands!
Experts: “Avoid large gatherings and wash_your_hands”
Stay safe everyone and wash_your_hands!!
So wash_your_hands and stay home.
We shall part ways here - wash_your_hands, Godspeed.
Just make sure you wash_your_hands a lot.
wash_your_hands, stay home if you are sick, stay away from sick people.
Except hardly anyone needs to go to the gym, but Walmart sells some absolutely essential stuff like food, hygiene products, diapers, medicine, etc.
there is no savior; we can mitigate, masks and general hygiene help, but we cannot hole up in our homes and wait for this to pass.
This tendency may be mitigated by individual actions including hand hygiene, mask wearing, and physical distancing.
Poverty - It’s hard to practice proper hand hygiene when there is no running water.
Limitations of sheltering in place - related to overcrowding, if an entire household is sheltering in a small place, and unable to isolate those that are sick, and do not have the resources for proper hand hygiene and disinfection, it is easy for the virus to spread to everyone in the house.
People still die from this disease and it was largely eradicated due to personal hygiene.
Some essential businesses listed in the executive order include personal hygiene services with additional sanitization procedures, golf courses, and pawnbrokers.
Practice good hygiene, listen to the experts, not these articles.
I work in a ER , had my hours cut in the beginning,  I work with and around covid 19 patients , I fully agree with you ... what disturbs me most is that people that are unemployed are making more money then I am , and I dont receive any hazard pay , stay safe , keep up with hygiene and health.
20-30 other people who are inherently awful at maintaining good hygiene and put their hands anywhere you could find.
They can be very gross if not reminded of basic human hygiene.
Yes, perfect specimen I am by practicing basic hygiene.
Practice good hygiene.
But science and experts say wearing a mask, having good hygiene and staying home when sick all help reduce the spread.
Even IF the kids are old enough to understand basic hygiene AND wear proper masks, what do you expect?
People who think hand washing and basic hygiene is for pansies.
700 elementary students with typical small child hygiene, going home to parents and grandparents.
Maybe this would work in a hypothetical situation where people actually listened to professionals and used masks and hand hygiene.
They had new distancing and hygiene standards but a quick glance around the gym showed there was ZERO chance of anyone following them.
:) Cases are declining up here and it's pretty obvious the difference is adoption of the recommended hygiene.
And it's about time kids were taught proper hygiene when it comes to sneezing and coughing, which means doing both in their elbows.
Then of course there's the issue of some people not being very careful with their hygiene and not wiping down equipments after use.
I would have also said 4) socially responsible adults that wear masks, distance themselves, and take personal hygiene seriously but that one has already proven to be a non-starter.
This is perfect because gyms were so great for hygiene to begin with.
I’m still going to wear a mask in public and use good hand hygiene.
The government should be focusing on hygiene and risk mitigation education, not forcing people into unemployment.
He also mentioned personal hygiene, which is something we should be practicing anyway.
The "new normal" should be that hygiene is essential and people are cautious...
We will have to learn basic hygiene eventually.
Practice proper hand washing hygiene.
I’ve been trying to caution my kindergartener on good hygiene and not touching the other kids but there’s only so much we can do about little kids hugging, high-fiving, and just generally invading each other’s personal space.
In addition to good hygiene practices, please make sure to get a good amount of sleep and keep your stress levels as low as possible.
Which does make some great points, basically that **we should all plan for our supply chains to be interrupted like a Hurricane and possibly longer**, the hospital system may be overwhelmed so only go if you need to, and practice good hygiene of washing hands and phones, don't touch your face/orifices unless your hands are clean.
Anyone who supports separating babies from their parents and locking them in cages without basic hygiene is someone unworthy of respect.
He has kept children in cages with inadequate access to hygiene.
Mostly for hygiene reasons.
He said the virus is here until a vaccine and we need to continue good hygiene and wear masks.
That's why this talk of normal school openings and "better hygiene" is such a load.
Close proximity to others, poor hygiene habits, etc.
Children typically have poor hygiene habits, and spread diseases like they're going out of business, so I don't need him getting sick because some sick kid before him sneezed on his hands then touched his desk that class, or a door handle, or lunch tray stack.
Also because many people here haven't been taking it very seriously from the beginning, refusing to wear masks, practice hand hygiene, or physically distance from others.
At the end of the day its security theater as much as it is good hygiene practices.
The trial was a collaboration between researchers in Australia and the National Institute for Hygiene and Epidemiology in Vietnam and was funded by an Australian Research Council Linkage Grant.
Therefore, nonpharmaceutical interventions such as mask use, handwashing, and other hygiene measures or school closure might be effective early control strategies.
I'm all for hygiene education and PSAs to sustain awareness of simple things people can do.
Between opening up the state so quickly, disregarding masks and basic hygiene, with protesting, rioting and looting on top of it all.
I have no proof of this, but I think when Abbott specifically said last week that all Texans should wear masks and practice good hygiene, and vulnerable people should stay home, he told Ken P to put a sock in it.
1) Practice good hygiene.
They were very careful about distancing and hygiene.
If you are practicing good hygiene personally, and don't stick your dirty hands in your face you will fine regardless of what other people are doing.
Hygiene works well.
Proper sanitation and adherence to philosophies of hygiene have to stay in place.
Why would an industry who’s regulation is already centered around hygiene be less fit to open than a cold dark room with sticky floors?
Practice good hygiene, do not touch your face.
Imagine my surprise when I learned I was wearing a feminine hygiene product on my face.
Fauci said in the PMT interview that as long as the food workers were following proper hygiene, transmission risks were minimal.
Same hygiene requirements, same hustle about protecting people.
My family gets stuff at the store for her and we're hygiene conscious in the process.
Set up a no-bullshit public information campaign about hygiene, the infection rates, and the rare but severe symptoms.
Stay 6-10 ft away from people and practice good hygiene.
I wouldn’t say it’s the culture of eating foreign animals, but the absolutely abhorrent hygiene practices that are engrained into Chinese society that allow viruses and disease to spread like wildfire.
The food you eat is without a doubt an extension of your hygiene standards.
Perhaps these people will start practicing personal hygiene now.
The hype is an attempt to bring awareness to our society about hygiene and how to prevent spreading.Don't go out if you can't maintain six_feet of space from people.
Masks + six_feet = Less spread.
My cousin had a tournament last weekend in Auburndale and my family were the few wearing one, and if I took it off to get some air I was sure as shit more than six_feet from people.
It doesn't matter *how* the schools handle it, a bunch of teenagers and possibly immunocompromised teachers being put in closed quarters (and even closer quarters thinking about my school's portables where six_feet is barely half the length of the classroom) is no way, no how a good idea.
At least at Publix you're only there for 20 minutes, you're (hopefully) wearing a mask, and you're doing your best to stay six_feet away from anybody else.
How does staying six_feet apart or more not reduce transmission?
six_feet isn't going to magically protect people.
Business owners, managers, and employees who are in an area of a business establishment that is not open to customers, patrons, or the public, provided that six_feet of distance exists between persons.
So I can now go to the casino, the beach & any publix crammed full of families on a Saturday afternoon but not sit six_feet away from someone in a bar and have a drink.
A mask prevents around 86% transmission rate from you to another person if you’re standing within six_feet of someone.
So for example, if you carry the virus and you use hand_sanitizer before you touch the can of beans but you breathe within roughly six_feet of the can, some of your breath vapor can still land on the things you touch or are around, thus spreading it.
There are models out there showing the virus blowing around between supermarket aisles, not even six_feet of distance is meaningful.
Would you really be OK with someone with any kind of communicable disease sneezing six_feet in front of you??
I say this because no one has lost their shit about those long lines happening in stores that aren’t maintaining those magical six_feet.
Yes, six_feet is the compromise.
Usually, within about six_feet  of leaving somebody’s body, those larger, more infectious droplets will  drop to the ground.** That’s where the six-foot rule comes from.”
It's insane to think simply standing six_feet away from each other when you reach the waterfront is going to make them immune.
I can’t get six_feet away across my bar or from my coworkers.
The advice is to use individual carts, stay six_feet apart and don't touch the flags or the sand rakes.
six_feet distance my ass, I’m having to dodge people left and right when I stop for fuel or necessities.
As for the rest of us, stay six_feet from everyone, wash_your_hands often and limit your contact to non-disinfected surfaces.
"Oh yeah you can still go outside and stuff you just can't go to work if you work for a non essential business and you have to stand six_feet away from the next closest person".
They are just asked to stay six_feet from people outside their sheltering group and to avoid the elderly.
There are *not* thousands of experts saying people in Florida can't leave their homes for reasonable purposes, including exercise in the open air, as long as scrupulous distances of six_feet are maintained and contact/contamination of surfaces is avoided.
in an outdoor public space, **wherever it is not feasible to maintain six_feet of social.
The night of the graduation, my wife and I watched the live stream and only ⅓ of the grads wore masks, during the processional the grads were all lined up like they were waiting for a ride at Six Flags, and pictures my ex shared showed the attendees were not grouped in 4s six_feet apart.
The notion that some are too fragile to wear a mask, too dense to simply stand six_feet apart, too vain to risk not getting a haircut, or too arrogant to listen to science?
But among either, two masked individuals six_feet apart effectively have a nonissue.
They also clam in they did their best to take precautions but they look closer then six_feet in that photo and have no masks.
no filters can help 100 percent  but keep six_feet from people.
When that happens, yell at them "please stand six_feet away."
I see but in a normal class room like mine, I don't think you can spread every student six_feet apart, (I haven't been to school in a while so I don't have remembered)
It may be a tough hole to get out of, but you might as well be digging holes six_feet deep, if no safety measures are going to be followed.
Posting something on the internet is akin to screaming something to your friend six_feet away from you in a quiet, crowded room.
six_feet is not enough distance.
six_feet is NOT ENOUGH.
That’s a shame, I had to go to the grocery store the other day and I felt so bad but I was moving if someone came within six_feet of me.
Those tables in that photo didn't look six_feet apart to me.
Plus, if everyone stands six_feet apart in line and washes their hands there shouldn't be a risk from in-person voting in November.
Staying home will do a lot more than going to pray six_feet away from others.
Spray paint lines on asphalt/sidewalk every six_feet.
To achieve six_feet of distance, on any sidewalk I'm familiar with, one of you is gonna have to walk on the street.
They aren’t coughing on anyone and there only appear to be one or two people within six_feet of them.
I used to commute into phx for 2.5 years until I opted to work_from_home instead.
I am lucky that my husband and I are able to work_from_home.
This is because, on average, they're in lower socioeconomic tiers and thus less likely to be able to work_from_home, more likely to work in factories and public-facing service industries, and more likely to live in larger, multi-generational households.
Almost all my friends and family have been doing things similar except those who couldn't work_from_home.
I have been able to work_from_home, and my only trips out were to the grocery store.
what about office buildings with 50+ people, close my fucking building so I can work_from_home because my boss is too cheap and doesn't give a fuck about his employees health.
Ironically if your boss was cheap he would stop paying rent for his office and have everyone work_from_home.
I tried that when my boss told me they don't allow people to work_from_home & even though I could do everything on my computer I was told if I wasn't in the office I would have to use my sick time to get paid.
We make a giant grocery delivery order once a month, I work_from_home, and the amount of spending we’ve done has drastically gone down.
Its a choice for the upper middle class who can work_from_home, not so much more the working class.
I work_from_home full time, but my husband doesn't, and his employer has said they're home for at least the whole summer.
I often wonder how people feel about having to be back at work on positions that have no way to be a work_from_home job.
Twitter allowing its employees to work_from_home is one such example.
I've met at least two people who bought houses here in the last month simply because their job in cali let them work_from_home, and AZ has been more open than California... I think that as the shut downs extend (especially in cali where the mayor of LA I think it was said 3 more months minimum), we're going to see more and more of this.
It’s so easy for the white collar work_from_homers to say we need to stay shut down when they’re collecting a check.
I wouldn't call it a hoax, and I am staying home because I can work_from_home.
I work_from_home (even before the coronavirus outbreak) and I'm on pace to put 24k miles on the Cherokee in a year.
My company has mandated everyone work_from_home and we are.
Fun fact: I work at a construction company & we are considered essential, so that means I can't be allowed to work_from_home.
I could work_from_home and not miss a beat, but since businesses say " our doors are open so everyone must fill their seat!" Here I am leaving work in the cold while battling a chest cold because I don't have enough sick time to stay home.
so that means I can't be allowed to work_from_home.
Your employer can absolutely *allow* you to work_from_home.
I have asked several times if I could work_from_home, all I get is "why doesnt anyone want to work?"
I'm glad to be able to work_from_home but I feel my work hours have increased and I'm less productive and constantly at my PC.
Im forced to keep working because the business i work for, even though it's non essential, is deeming themselves as essential, and we could all easily work_from_home.
If online classes is anything like telecommuting/work_from_home I don't have much hope...
Who work for non essential businesses but cannot work_from_home and bosses are continuing us to come to work.
The managers work_from_home ofcourse.
 Supplies distributors that enable telework and work_from_home and those that supply essential businesses;
Practically work at a call center but he won’t let us work_from_home until AZ demands it.
We declared our offices closed and work_from_home, hoping it is the right decision.
I work in healthcare, have been essential from the start, would be nice to work_from_home so I can deal with their website all day.
You say that, but not all of us have the luxury to be able work_from_home, and without an order from the top, where I work stays open.
Congrats on having a job that allows you to work_from_home.
Yeah some of us don’t have the privilege to be able to work_from_home.
I live alone, work_from_home, and I haven't been to a bar or gym since March.
We don’t feel safe being subjected to these people for hours a day, but you don’t know how crazy they will get, it’s a losing battle which is why I’m trying to find a work_from_home job before we send kids back to school.
I'm lucky that my husband can work_from_home and I can take classes online, but spending all day, everyday with my 2-year-old is driving me nuts.
How about people who need to work because they cannot work_from_home, I feel terrible for those people, the low income and majority minorities are hurting a lot more, its sad.
Everyone would work_from_home to prevent the 1 in 30k deaths per year by car.
I'm not saying that every employer can make a work_from_home option available, but it would definitely leave less guilt ridden parents who, "don't have the option to keep them home because their work doesn't allow it"
If we just concentrated on making people work_from_home, wear masks, socially distance, and dont bring back unnecessary services.
Woah woah woah, I wear a mask, I socially distance, I limit trips out of house and work_from_home.
Not everyone has the luxury to work_from_home.
The millions of people that can work_from_home?
They're not saying that everyone is able to and should work_from_home, they're saying that people who are able to work_from_home are being brought back into offices for absolutely no good reason.
I live by myself and work_from_home so I don't have that risk.
I wish i could work_from_home.
My wife and I work_from_home, so we were able to be there for our 3 kids and I must say that they got much less out of distance learning than they did in school.
Shut down all nonessential businesses, do a statewide requirement for all businesses capable of switching to work_from_home model to do so.
It doesn't, but what it does say in the constitution is, "provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare." I would consider providing for the common defense and promoting the general welfare in this given situation to mean you: shut down when a spike occurs, don't prepare to send children back to school, wear your mask, stay socially distant, wash_your_hands, don't touch your face, work_from_home whenever and where ever possible, and don't come online to downplay the severity of the situation.
I'm from New Jersey, the "deniers" in my office are taking their own quarantines, mask usage, and work_from_home usage very seriously, but are still convinced that the biggest danger is the economy falling, and that the worst parts of the pandemic are actually the fault of fearmongering liberals.
Now your boss will not let you use having kids as a reason to work_from_home.
We had implemented staggered work schedules and sent hundreds of employees to work_from_home back in March / April, and now we require everyone to be back in the office, 5 days a week.
I left working for the state to work for a private sector job and we’ve been work_from_home since March.
Really grateful I moved to this position - but I’ll add I have family that works for the government of a blue state with very few cases and they are work_from_home since February and for the foreseeable future.
I don’t want to send my kids back, but I’m able to work_from_home.
I am just happy I can work_from_home.
I found work_from_home.
I quit back in March no way in hell im risking my ass for minimum wage now :/ wish I had an opportunity to work_from_home :(.
Gonna see if I can work_from_home for 14 days once they get back.
Hopefully my bosses can get their head out of their ass and maintain the work_from_home culture instilled in March.
Post like these (and it’s comments) convince me 50% of America just want to work_from_home for the rest of their lives and have no care about the consequences of a continued shut down.
I also don't feel like I really have a place from which to speak as I'm fortunate enough to work_from_home and haven't suffered from a lack of income.
work_from_home?
No I work_from_home for a company out of state, but was told I was ineligible and to file for PUA.
It was work_from_home but the training is in Tampa for 4 weeks wtf ??
I don't have any symptoms yet and I work_from_home.
That only works for people who can work_from_home or afford to stay there.
work_from_home, plus no school.
It should also be illegal for business's to require employees to come to offices / work if the ability to work_from_home is there for up to an entire year.
My girlfriend is going back to work_from_home soon because of the influx of cases in her hospital.
your fellow employees suck, why would you come to work after being told to work_from_home??
I’m lucky in that I work_from_home already, but because of my health problems, I have to go to the doctor regularly, and have to go to Publix to get prescriptions more than I would like.
If you can work_from_home, do it.
We are super lucky my husband is able to work_from_home but they are starting to bring people back to the office in waves.
Tallahassee resident who is now fortunate enough to work_from_home and can mostly avoid people.
They offered to have us work_from_home 1 day a week.
And even then we’re still allowed to work_from_home as long as we want.
I think if you’ve been able to work_from_home for 3 months already then there’s no NEED for you to go back to the office.
Take work_from_home day when you expect most people to be in the office.
I work for a large corporation and masks are required to be at work, and they are continuing to have most people work_from_home.
A bunch of us are going full time work_from_home.
We're blessed to be able to work_from_home.
Our company only started letting some people request to work_from_home last month, and now they’re talking about bringing everyone back to the office at the start of July.
The organization I work for didn’t let anyone work_from_home, even when potentially every one in the organization was exposed to a person that tested positive.
Are you employed and able to work_from_home?
Because I could work_from_home.
Many companies still work_from_home where they can.
Not everyone can work_from_home, especially the younger generation.
Thankfully I found work_from_home which I can do 15+ hours (less money) but no stress or risk.
We’re lucky here in my family to already work_from_home and to have the means to have groceries delivered, so we’re completely isolated.
The economy runs on the top 50%, and most of us are perfectly happy to work_from_home and not go out to eat until shit is fixed.
I work_from_home and am staying away from the outside world for the next few weeks, when there is a huge surge and lots of people get sick and more die, the meatheads will eventually smarten-up, I hope too many don’t get sick and die to learn this lesson.
I haven't gotten to be around any of my friends in two months, got furloughed at the beginning of April - I was already work_from_home - and there is a level of depression and frustration that is kicking in.
Right to work_from_home without penalty.
 Why can't more people choose to work_from_home?
I work_from_home so the SAD was even worse as I didn't leave my house for days upon days.
I've been scouring sources and applying for work_from_home jobs.
I personally will be remaining in isolation as much as possible for as long as I can (thankfully I can work_from_home).
If you are financially well off or have a job that you can work_from_home and you are scared, stay home.
My wife and I are both able to work_from_home and are in jobs that shouldn't be eliminated during this scare.
Palm Beach County here... I have no desire to do school work_from_home, as I have bigger worries now.
Anybody else having to work_from_home and tired of seeing people complain about being at home with nothing to do?
Even though I could work_from_home.
Essential companies also can have a good portion of employees work_from_home too.
I may start work_from_home soon but I started at this company a month ago before our HR director and I’ve been filling in for all this until that person starts so it’s been stressful.
Do you have the option to work_from_home/
At least my employer will let me work_from_home in that case.
yeah and I get that I mean I also work OCPS for extended day program so I'm hourly and missing that check from my second job and my hours are cut at the other job I work so it's rough out here I do not have an option to work_from_home but still I'm down for this shut down.
They allowed trainers to work_from_home and put the employees in regular cramped working cubicles.
I have been looking for work_from_home jobs so I answered yes, but I'm seeing from others that putting "No" seems to allow them to justify the answer and skip the work activity screens.
I have still been looking for jobs that offer work_from_home.
Weird mix for me since I live in a suburb right off the US-1 - my neighborhood is pretty empty, with lots of outdoor activities from people isolating (plenty of older folks/better-off types who can work_from_home).
when you say "the general economy" what you're asking for is for service workers to go back into the grinder while people who can afford to work_from_home (or not work) get to keep their safety.
May I suggest trying to find an “essential” job or learning a skill which will enable you to work_from_home- such as web design?
A lot of people at risk will continue to stay inside and work_from_home if they can, and everyone will be better about hygiene going forward.
Only life or death places should be open at this time everyone else should work_from_home.
But imagine you weren’t lucky and able to work_from_home.
I mean I'm working regardless because I can work_from_home and I still support it.
They wont let us work_from_home and get around the order by saying that since we're legal services we're "essential".
people are **encouraged** to work_from_home.
Not that good side, my boss announced that everyone should work_from_home, but the manager does not like that idea :D.
Sounds like you already have a work_from_home solution in place which makes your manager sound like even more of an idiot.
I manage all of the technology for a mid-market company and I was able to setup 10 workers with the ability to work_from_home using their own computers since we couldn't source enough equipment fast enough (aka a nightmare) and I still got it done in a couple days.
Health care providers, including hospitals, doctors’ and dentists’ offices, urgent care centers, clinics, rehabilitation facilities, physical therapists, mental health professionals, psychiatrists, therapists, pharmacies, blood banks, medical cannabis facilities, health care device manufacturers, eye care centers, home health care providers, reproductive health care providers and medical transport services.Retail sales of household consumer products, including grocery stores, farmers’ markets, farm and produce stands, supermarkets, food banks, convenience stores.Food cultivation, including farming, livestock and fishing.Businesses that provide food, shelter and social services to the homeless or otherwise economically needy.Newspapers, television, radio and other media.Gas stations, auto-supply and auto-repair stores.New and used automobile dealerships.Banks and related financial institutions.Hardware stores.Contractors, other tradesmen, appliance repair personnel, home security firms, fire and water damage restoration, public adjusters, exterminators, and others who maintain the safety and sanitation of homes and other buildings.Businesses providing mailing and shipping services.Private colleges, technical schools and trade schools, but only as needed for online or distance learning.Laundromats and dry cleaners.Restaurants, for take out and delivery only, including schools that provide free meals to students, as long as the meals are picked up curbside.Office-supply stores that sell goods people need to work_from_home.Businesses that supply other essential businesses and do not involve interaction with the public.Businesses that deliver groceries, food, goods or services directly to residences.Airlines, taxis and other private transportation providers.Home-based care for seniors, adults or children.Assisted living facilities, nursing homes, senior living centers and adult day care centers.Professional services such as legal or accounting, when needed to comply with legal requirements.Landscaping and pool care businesses.Child care facilities, subject to restrictions on the number of children and how they are grouped together.Businesses operating airports, seaports and other government facilities.Pet supply stores.Logistics providers, including warehouses, trucking, consolidators, fumigators and handlers.Telecommunications providers, including sales of computer or telecommunications devices.Provision of propane or natural gas.Office space or administrative support for any other essential business.Open construction sites.Architectural, engineering or land surveying services.Factories, bottling plants or other industrial facilities.Waste management services.Any business that interacts with customers solely through electronics or telephones and delivering products through shipping, mailing or delivery.Marinas and boat launches, docking, fueling and marine supply, with some exceptions on municipal boat launches.Veterinarians and pet-boarding facilities.Hotels, motels and other commercial lodging, subject to restrictions on restaurants and gyms and only for “essential lodgers,” meaning health care professionals, first responders, National Guard members, law enforcement, state or federal government employees, airline crew, patients and their families, journalists, displaced residents or visitors, persons sheltering due to domestic violence, hotel employees or contractors, people who are unable to stay in their homes due to exigent circumstances, and anyone providing direct services in response to COVID-19.Mortuaries, funeral homes and cemeteries.Alcoholic beverage sales.Firearm and ammunition supply.Businesses providing services to local, state or federal government.
Jacksonville still has a lot of people out and workplaces are ignoring the mayor's work_from_home order because he's not going to enforce it.
I don’t know about you, but I can’t do a lot of my work_from_home and my boss is already exploring furlough options.
They basically told me it's up to the employer to decide if office workers are able to work_from_home and they have no enforcement abilities.
He can implement a stay at home for the whole state, if you do not need to be at work and can work_from_home you should.
You can close schools and have people work_from_home without ordering people to stay in their homes, no?
Any Floridians find any good work_from_home jobs or ways to make money so far?
Tons of legit companies hire work_from_home agents.
They won't even let us work_from_home a few days a week even though we could.
Most of the building can work_from_home but our boss will not let us and even recites the statute saying we are exempt.
In Jacksonville they have said they will condemn buildings and turn off power/water (as utilities are City-owned) for any business that is not complying with his executive order to have people work_from_home if possible.
Got to imagine most people had stopped using it to work_from_home, and the Heat games had been cancelled which takes away more of their busiest trains.
I've been told I can work_from_home when I would normally be in the office but as an inspector 90% of my day is spent in the field.
If you have a friend that you care about, and is forced to work at a non essential business when the county has ordered a shut down, I believe it is prudent to ask how someone can take steps to avoid being at work when they can work_from_home.
You are going off of extremely little information and assuming that they can actually work_from_home based off of just the word of the internet stranger.
If having employees work_from_home is not efficient enough to bring in revenue greater than your expenses then the business will just close.
These people are not trying to relax, they are still trying to work_from_home and are absolutely entitled to fight for that right, as the law is on their side.
If someones boss is having them come in instead of work_from_home then they should bring it up with their boss instead of having some 3rd party white knight report them to the government.
Many workers who are able to work_from_home will only be allowed to when the government tells their bosses they have to.
We finally closed to the general public on Friday, but they are still making employees come in, even when we just established that everyone can work_from_home.
Not everyone can "just work_from_home".
I never told you to work_from_home.
Refusing to allow employees to work_from_home has been disruptive.
It’ll take a state mandate for us to close or work_from_home.
I can’t quit because money, but I also can’t work_from_home because of ‘policy’ so I’m stuck waiting to get sick.
My husband works in waterproofing and they’re refusing to let them work_from_home and even had crews out last week doing non emergency work in groups of 3-10.
Been no word of it where I am but my work also really dragged their feet on deciding work_from_home was okay.
Or just a random troll at work_from_home.
I work in an office environment near a ton of old people and still haven’t been sent to work_from_home (even though we have the resources to do so)
My husbands boss won’t let them stay home unfortunately and don’t see him letting them work_from_home unless he’s forced into it... I wish they would just shut everything down.
They can’t work_from_home.
I also work_from_home and maybe leave it for a few hours a week.
I've self-quarantined, fortunately I work_from_home.
I'm going to work_from_home yall can stay here with Covind-19"
I'm working from home and there are no immediate plans to move us back in and I believe that many of us will be permanently assigned to work_from_home after this.
But a day after I was approved, my employer contacted me and told me I could work_from_home for 10 hours a week.
The week after spring break my internship they told us to self quarantine, with no pay, and they'll notify us when we can come back, while at my other job they told us to work_from_home.
When Houston's surge capacity fills up I think we need to have a pretty strict restrictions for a few weeks (ie, go to the grocery store or your job IF you are essential, that's it), at least in that city, the rest of the heavily hit regions, ie, the major metropolitan areas plus Lubbock, need to go back to the  light restrictions we had, must work_from_home is encouraged, bars, restaurants, salons and saloons, are shut down until further notice, the state strictly enforces violators or the state empowers cities/counties to do so, a criminal mask order in which an individual can be fined, but outside activities are open, jobs can stay open with proper procedures in place unless they are one of the restricted industries, heavy fines for violators.
Yeah and the school districts get to work_from_home?
People repairing phone lines don't work_from_home.
I’m lucky enough to be able to work_from_home.
The people who are downvoted you either have the luxury to work_from_home, live off parents of are collecting that sweet unemployment money.
Teachers and student go back to school, while the TEA and administrative folks continue to work_from_home.
The TEA states they will continue to work_from_home due to safety concerns and the governors mansion is still closed to tours due to safety concerns.
If they think it's "safe" enough to reopen schools, then why do they still need to work_from_home?
Teachers who are at risk are being given “accommodations” but won’t be allowed to work_from_home.
Instead of passing trillions of dollars in aid to shareholders under the guise of "employers" we should invest in infrastructure allowing teachers to work_from_home and providing parents with resources to draw on as they need.
Tentative return date is 9/1 but we had communication about allowing us to work_from_home beyond that if someone is not comfortable returning or is high risk.
If given the right training and resources, teachers can still do all their work_from_home and teach students virtually, effectively and safely.
Also in corporate real estate, the sudden need for EVERYBODY to work_from_home has demonstrated that work_from_home is actually a functional business model, so why do we need to rent all this office space?
Obviously the state can enforce a quarantine, we already saw it with work_from_home orders.
I wish you did have a job that  allowed ypu to work_from_home and a decent enough unemployment insurance so that you could get by when you have a work stoppage for a couple of weeks if cases in your area starts to spike like it is in the cities.
But people that can work_from_home absolutely should be able to.
Well honestly, I was able to work_from_home.
I could easily do all my work_from_home but admin doesn’t trust workers to keep accurate hours.
If an hourly worker can do all their work_from_home then why not let them?
I haven't been able to work_from_home yet.
I could see many concerned parents who can work_from_home opting for something like that rather than sending their kids back to public schools.
School from home is just as viable as work_from_home.
I've been home for the past 4 months (work_from_home was an option before outbreak).
Also, younger people are less likely to have jobs that enable them to work_from_home.
We (mostly) all wear masks and the lucky among us work_from_home and ten percent or so of people have probably had it by now; far more than have been confirmed.
Thank God I can work_from_home.
I am so grateful I work for a company that allows me to work_from_home full time.
Yeah a common trend I've seen on reddit is that most of us tend to *vastly* underestimate how many people were able to work_from_home or were furloughed/laid off.
Abbott's responsibility as a governor is to mandate the closure of non-essential businesses so that employers cannot coerce their employees into returning to work (and either work_from_home or receive unemployment).
People who can't work_from_home and don't have huge savings have to decide between poverty and catching a deadly disease, which is why most of the new COVID cases are in the 18-39 age group.
None of us have the option to either work_from_home, or to miss work.
It’s not the choice of homeschooling my kid that I’m concerned with but since my wife and I both work_from_home, we would not be able to devote the time and effort to homeschool them therefore if districts will be forced to hold full time in person classes we will be strong armed into sending our kid to school and risk additional exposure without proper precautions in place.
I work_from_home most of the time so I was the one getting them through distance learning this spring.
Should we go back to locking things down and having work_from_home orders?
I took a pay cut and different job to work_from_home.
I actually work_from_home for a nation-wide aid organization.
I'm very fortunate to be able to work_from_home and I know that.
I mean, if I'm privileged because I worked hard to have a career that affords me the opportunity to work_from_home, why not?
Most people telling others to stay at home are the ones who live off others, have the luxury to work_from_home or have money saved off...
Im not lucky to have a job where i can work_from_home.
Thankfully I can work_from_home but if someone needs money badly many grocery stores are hiring.
Some of the most vulnerable during the pandemic are the poor who can't work_from_home.
It's ironic that the people protesting the stay at home order are the exact same fucking people who are going to make the outbreak worse and force us to all work_from_home or get furloughed again.
Maybe you are the entitled one who gets to work_from_home with no interaction required.
But the people who can work_from_home and stay home will continue to do so.
All these people commenting are either banking on their ability to work_from_home or unemployment.
Because i am working remotely and my company hasn't done that, in fact our mayor extended the work_from_home ordinance.
Multiple friends and their families are very high health risks and live with essential workers and are still not safe even having moved to work_from_home.
I'm blessed with a job that lets me work_from_home, and I'm already a homebody, so staying at home is not something I can't handle thankfully.
Not everyone has cushy IT jobs where they can work_from_home in their pajamas.
Not leaving until I feel it’s safe, I can just work_from_home.
If you worked harder and smarter maybe you too could enjoy such a luxury instead of calling people "privileged" who WORKED themselves in a position of being able to work_from_home as if they are similar to those who don't work or get handouts from their parents.
You do know a shit ton of people from all kinds of life cant work_from_home right.
You let everyone who possibly can work_from_home.
A privilege *is* being able to work_from_home, but given the context where you mention one case consisting of people who don't work (so they are given everything), people living with their parents (I guess implying they are also given everything), and people who physically worked to get into a position where they can work_from_home it would appear you meant "privilege" as being given something they did not deserve like an entitlement.
Probably but those people are not the ones dictating our work_from_home orders.
Nope, my husband has a good job that allows him to work_from_home.
Not right away, and thankfully don't need to, my employer has said we are likely going to work_from_home until at least mid-June.
Not everyone has disposable income or have the luxury to work_from_home.
Well, I also got confirmation from my employer this morning that they want me to work_from_home until July 1at (Houston area).
I can continue to work_from_home and will continue to do so.
Offices letting employees work_from_home.
The only people who are able to work_from_home are people who have white collar office jobs.
If you don’t like it you always have the option of getting a better job to work_from_home.
Firstly, I work_from_home already.
I work with a bunch of people on the same floor in an open space area, we are being told to come into work on May 5th even though we can do our work_from_home.
Why risk it if they can work_from_home?
I graduated with my degree in marketing in December and those certifications are literally paying the bills for me rn because I can work_from_home and still maintain 100% productivity.
Its super easy to say everyone should keep sheltering in place when you have food security, wifi, and a job that lets you work_from_home but for a whole lot of people those things are just not an option.
I might need to get to the office or I might lose my job over wanting to work_from_home but I am 100% sure I am not going to bars, restaurants, cinemas or supermarkets for a long while, specially if we are going to have waves.
I'm lucky to be able to work_from_home, but as a business owner in a very small business I am concerned for finances as I have yet to receive federal aid and have a wife and children.
Fortunately, there are a bunch of thinktanks who have rolled out a plan that makes a reasonable argument for a full return to business by mid-August (which is only "Every industry is back to work", not "Everybody is back in their offices": this plan strongly encourages that those who can work_from_home continue to do so).
These people are at risk of losing *everything.* It's easy for those of us who can work_from_home to call them stupid.
Yea I work in tech support, but I have been helping friends and family (and friends of friends) get set up to work_from_home or troubleshooting issues they're having so they can do so.
Shoot my company told me too work_from_home for my kids for the next few months.
Awesome, do you think they could go ahead and ticket my work for making us all report in-person even though we are certainly not essential and could 100% work_from_home?
We are nowhere near essential but not allowed to work_from_home.
Government: work_from_home.
Yeah, maybe abbot should order parole officers and other non essential employees to work_from_home.
We have 100% ability to work_from_home starting now.
It's the law now, they must allow you to work_from_home unless there is a compelling reason for you to go into work because of essential job function.
You’re being forced to stay home and if you can’t work_from_home you would be fucked.
For offices and workplaces that remain open, employees should practice good hygiene and, where feasible, work_from_home in order to achieve optimum isolation from COVD-19.
I work in a call center and they straight up said No one can work_from_home even if there is mandatory quarantine.
Get them to have you work_from_home.
It's an isp so the CEO is claiming it's a utility and that they don't have to shut down or let people work_from_home.
And since field techs can't work_from_home no one can.
yup... its gonna SUCK having to work_from_home with my wife AND 2 kids in the house running around :/
Still incredibly shortsighted in not allowing non field personnel to work_from_home.
Honestly, a lot of parents are doing work_from_home right now and concerned about job security.
Not only that about 50% or more could work_from_home with no negative effects to the business or day to day operations.
And yep, we’ve closed off our offices to only GC personnel and moved everyone who can work_from_home to do so.
It’s certainly not an ideal situation to try to work_from_home with two young children.
People and employers are listening to the CDC and having their employers work_from_home or taking the week off!
While we have not gone 100% work_from_home, we have deployed our disaster recovery strategy (normally used when a hurricane hits) so we are 70% work_from_home.
They are spacing out desks for those that choose to remain in the office or are unable to work_from_home.
We just ended up pulling the trigger on it based on staff physician’s advice and are testing systems to send another 25% to work_from_home next week.
Maybe everybody else got spooked by similar work messages and went crazy when they had “work_from_home” day today?
They can easily work_from_home.
I do not love traffic, but mostly work_from_home so it doesn't affect me much.
On two occasions recently, I've ordered take out from local favorites in Chandler that now also offer dine-in.
If that is all you take out of this you need to spend less time in the gym and more time reading and educating yourself on life.
Food is a necessity yes, but there are stores and drive-thru or take out.
If it goes north-north east and they can't stop it, it could take out Payson.
Went into a restaurant this weekend for take out.
It was my first time trying to get take out since stay-at-home orders went into effect and I walked out.
That pizza joint still doing take out?
Yes they are still open and doing take out and delivery.
Here's a list of the trails still open and business with take out.
I’m able to cook meals at this house rather than get in my vehicle and drive to get take out.
No dine-in available just take out or delivery.
Some places let you go in to order to take out but not all of them.
Essential services: Grocery stores, banks, pharmacies, gas stations, even some take out restaurants and hardware services will remain open.
Apparently they will take out .135% out of every $100 I received.
I was also able to correct my selections for direct deposit and to take out taxes.
So, even if you take out 50%, you are still left with an unacceptable number.
Also doing take out at least once a week from our favorite places to support them.
I'm all in for breweries to be open, but take out only.
So in person restaurant spending (dine-in, dine out, and take out) are all lumped together.
I’ll get take out and eat in the comfort of my home.
Was your place open take out only during shutdown?
He came into my restaurant shortly after opening dining rooms, not only did he get take out instead of dining in, you know, show some solidarity, but he tipped 10%, knowing Damn well food service workers were suffering, and left tail between legs because the bar area was booing him.
I'm not defending him in anyway, but our take out staff make $10/hr or more plus tips, so it's not as detrimental as other places that only give take out staff server pay which is just over $5/hr.
Miami-Dade is rolling all the way back to Phase 1 with restaurants being take out only, gyms closing, etc.
The wording in that section was what Republicans were trying to take out of the bill before it was passed for a specific reason.
You want to take out as many road blocks as you can from getting approved in the future.
I just got a lump payment This morning for 3 federal Payments of $540 each -previously they didn’t take out the taxes.
It sounds like a) whatever you take out of your 401k, you have to answer question #5 and put what it is.
401k people told me I’m eligible to take out up to 50k.
Eont even be getting take out for the foreseeable future.
I've been extremely fortunate that I started learning how to cook baller ass meals for the last five years so I been eating well, but when I do get take out I make sure to toss that shit in the microwave for a  minute, then toss the takeout containers and put the food in the oven for a bit.
While in there I saw two people who clearly planned to eat in the restaurant, and they took the booth RIGHT next to where people waited to get their take out orders.
You wanna have take out and outdoor seating, absolutely no fucking problem.
Take out/curbside pickup and delivery should still be prioritized.
If you can afford it and don’t feel like cooking still consider getting take out from them.
You need to take out the reproductive capability for the whole building, and then figure out how to mitigate future intrusion as far out as efficient.
I went to a bar around midnight to get some take out and i was the only person (50+) that was wearing a mask... Even employees lol.
If I walk into a restraunt even if it's just take out and employees are not wearing a mask I walk out.
All bars closed down, all major events (sports/concerts) were banned, all restaurants were closed except for take out, all parks and playgrounds were closed, all schools k-grad finished a whole quarter online, I’m sure I could continue with more, but you really have no life if none of those affected you.
Pretty much all food should be take out, even grocery stores.
I truly hope all this clears up soon, I'm dieing to eat take out.
Youll still get a 1099 for the taxes they didnt take out.
I wear a mask every where and still do take out vs sit down restaurant meals.
I went to get take out today, and nobody was wearing a mask, I saw around 50-60 people total.
On the plus side maybe it will take out the gop?
Some of my coworkers are going out to bars and a good portion of the patrons aren’t wearing masks, even when they are just ordering take out.
I don’t really care that these dumb shits are eating out and trying to kill themselves, but it’s the idea that they could take out innocent people along with them.
Take out has been generally safe.
We don’t get delivery meals but we do once a week pick up a take out.
I do go out shopping and have gotten take out, but u try to be expedient about my trips.
And restaurants will still be able to do take out.
A majority of our patrons since we have to do take out only are older than 60.
Blue states contribute more funds to federal aid programs than they take out, whereas red states take more than they contribute.
I've had some regular customers at my restaurant that I run demand to know when we reopen, ***IF I DO*** it won't be for dine in, I already told my servers and hosts when I reopen they won't be able to come back for a while, only kitchen staff and a cashier for take out and delivery orders.
miami already made everything delivery and take out.
Well restaurants are take out only now.
The cooks and take out, host if they offer that, what’s stoping them from being infected?
These are loans made between January and September of the federal fiscal year, and repaid by the end of the fiscal year (September 30th), provided the state does not take out any other loans for the remainder of the calendar year.
States can take out Title XII loans interest-free if they’re insolvent.
They could very well not take out any loans.
If unemployment in a State is insolvent they take out title xii loans from the fed with interest.
You then speculated that DeSantis is intentionally sabotaging the unemployment process and getting people to work early just so that he doesn’t have to take out loans and possibly pay interest on said loans.
As a customer, I am still not 100% comfortable frequenting even take out services, much less crowd myself into a dining room.
I thought they should use spaces like Fashion Square mall parking lot and make that a large food court for food trucks and local businesses so they could be spread out and operate in the same manner as take out.
Here in Pensacola there ain’t shit to do besides take out food and Home Depot.
All restaurants are take out only.
I just wish I knew when it will be possible to just go in to get take out.
We've got a bunch of people who can't figure out how to pay off student loans they were dumb enough to take out, and they think they have the answers to the economics of a pandemic.
Take out your phone and begin videoing beforehand.
Take out the extraneous 50 pages and maybe we could all get somewhere!
I elected to take out the taxes at 10% , so it is now $246.40.
No more styrofoam take out boxes in florida?
If they update their system to state that it’s waived, then it would take a competent web developer less than 5 minutes to take out the one additional, unnecessary (by their definition) page.
I mean fast food restaurants can very easily survive on take out.
The faster all these 2nd Amendment Nuts get sick the less people they can take out when we start dropping a thousand bodies a day.
They'll go to the hardware store and get take out while spreading the virus.
Restraunts that do take out can stay open.
Restaurants can stay open if they have take out.
Unfortunately stupid people can take out loved ones and strangers even if they are trying to take care.
Every bar and sit down restaurant in FL is closed for anything other than take out right now.
Buying food in a restaurant, take out does to.
My restaurant had the lobby open for take out orders only.
We ended up closing the front portion of our store because it just defeated the whole purpose of take out only.
Take out isn’t enough to keep more than a small amount employed.
All the beaches are closed, restaursnts are take out only, hotels are not taking in new guests..what tourist money is he looking for?
Still can get bad if I take out the trash without the mask.
here in la they shut down everything except grocery stores and take out restaurants.
I'm a bartender and in ATX the curve hasn't really flattened yet and I don't believe I'll be making much money with take out food and maybe selling bottles or wine.
Maybe take out extra building insurance and make sure what is done is done to code (disaster plans).
Take out the insult in the edit and we'll restore the post.
So you’re getting paid at least 5x what the average employee is making and in general you’re assuming less risk being behind the line as well as your job not being effected by doing only take out, your opinion isn’t valuable.
At this point, my family and I have bunkered ourselves down because this bullcrap isn’t going to end until either a vaccine comes out or all of the idiots get the virus and take out a quarter of the population with them.
No going out unless I have to, take out only from restaurants/breweries and I wear a mask any time I'm in public.
I 100% support going back to take out only, this modified service is a nightmare but it's silly to think any independent restaurant could afford to pay people like that right now.
Fwiw take out the space after "" to make quotes.
The old "big" chance I take is eating on patios but I always ask for a take out box in case someone gets too close and I can't move further away.
Take out the offending part and we'll restore it.
\-**If you take out New York and New Jersey we're actually experience fewer expected deaths as a nation than the last 2 years.**
Take out the Amarillo area and the chart would show even more reason to open further in *EVERY PLACE OTHER THAN AMARILLO*.
Take out the anti-body tests and the results are going to be very likely nearly identical when it comes to the rate of positive tests (positive nasal tests over nasal tests).
Take out the insult and we'll restore the post.
Sure maybe .03 will be fraudulent against him but I’m sure if you take out all the fake votes - he’d still lose legitimate mail votes.
Are you saying if they were take out only, you would order?
I'd feel more comfortable if they were still take out only.
Take out the "childish" insult.
Who needs credit when you can take out a margin loan for <2%?
Reporting from Austin, about 95% of restaurants are still closed, besides take out.
Take out the last sentence and we'll restore it.
My understanding is that restaurants were making decent money with take out only as opposed to 25% capacity.
Take out the first sentence and we'll restore it.
That was satire, btw, because I never made a case for any business owner to do anything but merely pointed out that take out business has helped restaurants stay afloat.
something tells me that a restaurant only doing take out is not going to be able to employ as many people as one that is open for business with patrons coming and going and sitting inside.
Echoing things folks in other parts of the country that are reopening are saying, if your restaurant is offering dine in to customers I won't even order take out from you.
Chances are that your current take out restaurants have infected people working there lol.
Work, home, take out, and 2 trips to Micro Center, is all I've done lol.
Not even take out?
I have a hard job and I rely on being able to eat take out for lunch.
I've spent all week arguing with the dumbest most willfully and combative ignorant fukks here about the fact that germs make you sick and they can get on you from trading money and drive through and take out food.
If you take out loans but don’t complete the degree, that’s just money down the drain.
When we had date night, we would order the same take out and watch the same movie, at both of our locations, despite being 400 miles apart.
They have mandated closures and take out isn’t going to offset that.
In a different comment, I said that like many other chain restaurants, they’re still selling food for take out; thus any decrease in sales volume is at least partially offset by the decrease in costs associated with paying only the kitchen staff, dampening the effect on margins.
It wouldn’t surprise me that a local company with the following it has and that already has the infrastructure in place to pivot to take out only would institute hazard pay to continue building goodwill with the local community.
I just deleted my post from earlier this evening in which I asked if I was being unreasonable for arguing that take out and drive through is not any safer right now.
I'm simply saying that people need to understand that take out isn't any safer  when we are supposed to be staying at home and eliminating interactions.
I don't think it's possible to have zero risk but shutting down restraunts to take out only is a good way to mitigate the risk.
People are still touching your food and the take out packages.
or Worker sneezes before I walk in for take out.
All the ads on TV make it seem that take out is safe, which it's not.
Or to take out any trying to save the elderly?
This is akin to a war - it is an enemy that can take out our entire health infrastructure for months, and we need to stop it.
Restaurants and grocery stores and other necessities will stay open with delivery and take out.
False, they are closed for dine in, plenty of restaurants and bars in Dallas are still doing delivery and take out which means their employees still have to report to work and risk contracting the virus.
Edit: Downvote it all you want doesn’t change the fact these places are still open and in fact do allow customers to order food for take out and delivery.
I literally live in Dallas, went to Chick-fil-A yesterday, ordered Pizza Hut tonight(FYI 50% off) I have friends working downtown where they are still open and allowing guests to order and take out food plus the drivers are all still doing deliveries.
If you're concerned, why would you go get take out?
I’ve been ordering delivery and take out at my favorite small restaurants and dive bars and there hasn’t been any wait or issue, they need the support now.
Delivery and take out are still available.
My friends restaurant just laid off 20 ppl, they’ll be moving to take out only next week with 5 staff remaining.
I don't think they need to close, but they should definitely go back to take-out only.
Personally, I think that restaurants should be take-out only bc making servers and dishwashers touch your nasty-ass dishes that have been in your mouth is a fucking awful thing to do.
So I'm only supporting take-out restaurants rn, and have been since March.
If he actually wanted an order that would help, restaurants would be take-out only.
I think all restaurants (and bars) should be take-out only.
Have someone go get take-out or go thru the drive thru at a local restaurant.
Even restaurants and coffee shops may remain open for take-out service.
The only thing I've seen is restaurants returning to take-out.
No take-out, no drive through, nothing.
Pexiglass in front of registers and take-out only was the most "locked down" I've seen.
It's going to be take-out or patios for me.
Today it's take-out for the birthday celebration.
On Friday we get take-out dinner.
I have not eaten at a sit down restaurant  and only get take-out, when I do eat out.
restaurants are closed down to take-out only.
I am a food person that has worked in every facet of the food service industry short of ownership, and as I fan of good places, and a critic of not so good places, I like to think nature is going to thin out these crappier half-thought our restaurants and leave Orlando with (hopefully) the more qualified and and better tuned businesses that are able to keep afloat thanks to their product and service being good enough to keep people ordering take-out while we go through this.
Restaurants can stay open if they do delivery or take-out.
Non-essential businesses, like restaurants, are not being forced to close at this time and still continue offering curbside, take-out or  delivery orders.
I am not ordering a $50 steak but I've gotten take-out a lot from places, most of them do curbside so you don't have to go inside or anything.
One can operate through take-out, the other can't.
Edit: To those of you telling me "I think restaurants should be take-out only!", I agree with you, hence why I said MAX of 25%.
But I think as a populous we're too far gone for restaurants and many citizens to obey another shut down/take-out only situation.
I think restarants would be safest at take-out only.
People will change their tune to take-out only real fast.
But I think as a populous the state is too far gone for restaurants to obey a take-out only again.
Mandate that these businesses operate exclusively on take-out, delivery, and on their patios (or on makeshift parking lot patios).
I got Take-out from Twin Peaks Friday.
Abbott said flat-out "this is permission to reopen, but not a requirement to reopen." So if your location wanted to stick with drive-through and take-out only, you could.
It's clear to the critical thinker that we need to comply with the stricter law (gov order restaurants to be take-out)
Worse yet, they’re still open and operating as take-out only.
[While I do disagree on the safety of take-out/delivery](I'm also not going to fault somebody for not wanting to chance it.
I actually haven't gotten any take-out/delivery since all this started but, I'm more worried about money rather than coronavirus in this instance.
If folks are worried about take-out food, ok don’t eat take-out.
It's a [temporary lifting](of the TABC regulation against take-out alcohol sales so that alcohol-heavy businesses don't go tits up during quarantine.
Not sure if we have drive-through liquor but you can definitely get take-out liquor in CA right now.
There is debate as to whether lockdown had any measurable effect on the spread in the US or elsewhere, because to really be effective we would have had to lock down before the virus was widespread in the community, which means back in February or earlier when everyone would have laughed at the idea.
The lockdown was working to make things flat.
But yeah, this is reddit so anything that questions the lockdown is working narrative means you're a fox news watching idiot who thinks it's all a conspiracy.
The death rate here peaked on 8 April, just two weeks after lockdown began, which is surprisingly early given that it is usually at least four weeks after infection that people die if they die.
If you look at the per capita numbers for different countries in Europe, they all show a dampening of the rate of growth earlier than you would expect from the lockdowns.
Edit: to be clear, it's not a choice between forced lockdown and completely open like nothing is happening.
The question is whether lockdown has done anything that normal social_distancing wouldn't already have done, and whether we should have been more selective in "locking down" the most vulnerable populations, like the elderly in care homes etc., without completely destroying the economy for questionable benefit.
I’m not suggesting a full lockdown btw, but we need to seriously limit risky behavior.
And you could go down the list of issues with the lockdown that is ignored because it's not about COVID, it's not about the lockdown it's about politics.
You're not here in good faith, you don't care about the truth OR the consequences of the lockdown itself and won't listen to people who see things differently and are reaching for the SAME DMAN GOAL TO SAVE LIVES.
Also not sure where you pulled this garbage about not caring about the consequences of the lockdown from, but I'd rather have the economy be kinda fucked than kill 150k+ people.
That said: I am also in the boat that believes Arizona businesses and livelihoods \*cannot\* survive a second lockdown at this point, largely because Doug Ducey is a spineless coward who chose to sentence thousands of Arizonans to death through his inaction months ago and again in the current exponential rise, but also because of how prolonged any sort of recovery has been (again, due to idiots, lack of actual leadership from state and federal levels, and the length of time that this has been going on.) I would want to see clarifications on this, but I remember seeing a graphic that claimed if you were in a crowd of 50 people in Arizona right now, you have a 98% chance of being in a group with someone that has COVID-19.
They desire more lockdown, more mask regulation, more force in any way.
The 'everyone stop working and lockdown in your house forever' crowd would be the other side.
It's also on the lockdowns, which the have no power to enact unless they show you're contagious, at which point they get power to do that.
And Ducey’s half assed second lockdown is dumb af too.
But then, if staying inside together was the problem then the lockdowns should have caused more infection than they solved in states where they had real lockdowns.
How could a real lockdown cause MORE infection if everyone is staying in one place?!
Why would lockdowns where the literal intent is to ensure you don’t come into contact with people other than family cause more infections?
I know its woke to want a lockdown forever.
But I hope everyone is super happy about the upcoming lockdown 2 for something that effects 85 year olds.
MD got put on lockdown early.
EVERY OTHER country (minus us and Russia..maybe a couple others) took lockdowns seriously, were very strict with masks and social_distancing and they have this virus under control in a way that WE DO NOT..and we probably never will because "muh freedoms" and more importantly, a government that refuses to support individuals/businesses financially for a prolonged shutdown.
We need the lockdown or people die.
An effective lockdown would have kept everything inessential closed for a good couple of months to make this as minimal as possible.
We didn’t do an effective lockdown here.
But that  was the concern and panic in the middle of the lockdown.
WAY more peoples lives are being ruined from the lockdowns than covid.
No one is talking about a lifetime ban, same as a lockdown.
Other countries have had tremendous success at flattening curves by having longer and stricter lockdowns, preventing tourism, and limiting activities.
It "never came to be" precisely because the lockdowns largely worked as intended, for the time in which they were in effect.
They are ignoring the actual data because they want a lockdown.
While entire countries have reduced their infection rates to near zero and reopening their economy right now (all without a vaccine, mind you), we're on lockdown once again and for the foreseeable future.
You guessed it, during the lockdown.
I suspect he caught it in a bar or a gym in the days after the first lockdown lifted and we opened back up.
And ICUs were not at 90% during the lockdown.
Its blown my mind how quickly much of the population conformed to curfews and lockdowns.
As seen in Michigan, the only thing that’ll make people follow social_distancing rules is a lockdown to isolate the spread of the virus.
I think the lockdown is needed since nobody was isolating.
Conflicted that if we were put under lockdown again, the gym I started working at would definitely go under, even after all the effort in taping off, partitioning and rearranging equipment.
I want this to be controlled just like everyone else, but my business really cannot afford another lockdown.
Someone please educate me on how a lockdown is supposed to end COVID completely.
The question of what warrants a societal lockdown, and significant alteration of social interactions is fucking complicated.
If lockdowns and social_distancing were easy, we'd do it every winter for flu season and save 10s of thousands of lives.
But we don't, because the consequences of lockdowns and altering social interaction are severe.
I think virtually every country/area of this planet that went into lockdown said the same thing.
I still find it morbidly hilarious how we managed to get placed on immediate and enforced lockdown within 24 hours of Scottsdale Mall getting looted, while nothing beyond Gyms really got an enforced shut down during the first months of the Pandemic.
Lockdown = No people interacting.
Italy & China probably went into more lockdown mode than California yet people still have a way to complain...
I know the curfew was quite lenient, but he sure implemented that quickly compared to the lockdown.
Someone give me a logical explanation on why we should be on lockdown for the next 1 to 2 years?
Still got it cause some asshole co-worker couldn't keep herself from partying at the Lake with a hundred other assholes the moment the lockdown lifted.
The longterm plan is literally doing a lockdown.
The OP asking to be put in mandatory lockdown is all you need to know about the state of things these days.
I want to give Doug credit for doing something that's been overdue, but I can't - we likely wouldn't have to have a second lockdown were it not for his incompetency in managing COVID during the most consequential months of March, April, and May, respectively.
Lockdown until a vaccine?
Of course hospitalizations lag social controls by a couple weeks, so expect this graph to keep going vertical even after the coming lockdown.
I’ve been safe- staying in lockdown mode, only going out for necessities, wearing a mask... but fiddle sticks man, I want to be able to leave my house safely again.
The lockdown was explicitly because of the protests.
Schools and businesses started reducing hours back in March, over two months before the lockdown.
Im in Tucson and still living like its lockdown.
We’re not going to lockdown the country indefinitely for a virus that really isn’t that lethal.
Oh no wait  NYC had over 17,000 deaths and had some of the most stringent lockdown measures in place.
Because based on the amount of doctors and nurses counter-protesting the lockdown protests, and the ones currently protesting, it can’t be that high.
So saying a city with extremely strict lockdown is a 'perfect example' of flattening the curve, why are you also arguing against those lockdowns?
I don’t see the point in replicating NYC’s lockdown here, considering NYC has almost a million *more* people than the ENTIRE state of Arizona.
And NYC had extremely stringent lockdown measures in place to do so.
Since we are talking about AZ, lets make sure to lockdown to flatten the curve like the perfect example and not lock covid patients in with our retirement homes.
I can't count how many folks out here denounce masks in the name of "freedom." and/or "common sense."   I understand debating the appropriateness/ necessity for a lockdown, but wearing masks isn't a political statement -- it's a medically-proven way to slow the spread of this virus.
Yeah it took almost 2 1/2 months for someone in my family who was laid off the first week of lockdown to get his first unemployment check..
Glad Ducey was quoted last week for “not considering“ a 2nd lockdown.
We are still practicing lockdown guidelines in my family and will continue to do so even if we get dirty looks for wearing PPE in public.
Lockdown all you want.
I call bullshit..I was on a call nationwide pod cast yesterday they all said Az was next ..or first for lockdown #2.
which is wild because we were sitting at 200'ish per day during the lockdown.
Arizona never really didn't have a lockdown.
Restaurants and bars were the ones in lockdown, I guess.
He did not believe the current level of rise in numbers is bc of increase in testing, but bc of an actual increase in cases due to an ease in lockdown restrictions.
Less than 5000 people have it and it's time for a lockdown.
We need to wear masks  and we need to avoid large crowds, but I think it’s detrimental to have another shut down, what’s to say this won’t happen again after another month of lockdown?
Not backwards at all... Both instances are time to lockdown.
Arizona went on Lockdown at 1000 cases.
The idea that we "can't afford" to go back into lockdown is a false narrative.
Then we have AZ that continues to allow tourists because our lockdown was spineless, so all the strict states still continue to flood our cities and lands because their vacation was planned or they need to escape.
It would’ve if we didn’t have snowflakes complaining about “muh rights” if we had a solid two week lockdown this wouldn’t have been a problem.
I frequently use uh, dating apps and the past couple weeks since opening they've been flooded with people I've never seen before, from all over; but tons of people from NY and CA where lockdowns are strict.
It is conceivable that the transmission rate of the virus could be lowered *even while opening up* if people just adjusted their protective posture and behavior according to the actual threat instead of the government lockdown phases.
Yeah, I suppose my intention with my comment was more to do with your last sentence, because I know a true lockdown would be against "muh freedoms".
If we lockdown now, we may be open in time for the second half of July, or early August, and at least have a couple of semi-normal months before round 2.
1) the big lockdown was to buy us time.
Our hospital capacity wasn't an issue for the time we were under lockdown.
If the big lockdown was just to keep the curve flat for hospitals, we wouldn't have done it when cases were low, and we wouldn't have opened up while cases were still rising.
Our lockdown bought us a lot that may keep the curve flatter: increased tests, wearing masks etc.
That hospitals are sounding the alarm while the governor suggests another lockdown is not even being considered should be worrying.
Finally, when the lockdown started there was a legitimate suggestion that we might be able to develop a cure, or at least a treatment, within a few months.
The lockdown was never intended to completely stop the virus, but rather slow the run on hospitals.
mfs will go on about how lifting the lockdown is gonna kill people then turn around and cheer on crowds of tightly packed protesters.
Well, get ready for another 2-3 month lockdown 2.0...
If I were in my own apartment I'd on lockdown, but no, I live with my family who have been thinking it's a great time to remodel.
Other country proved a real lockdown can completely eliminate new cases.
On May 10, last day before Lockdown was starting to be lifted there were 1790 occupied ICU beds.
I supported the anti-lockdown protests, I support the BLM protests, I'm vehemently against authoritarian bullshit even if it's for the benefit.
Finally he answered a reporter straight by snapping "it isn't even on the table!" (In reference to considering lockdown procedures again for the umpteenth time).
If Ducey doesn’t want another lockdown, he should at least make masks mandatory.
Also, we were supposed to be in lockdown and only going to stores for emergency supplies at the time.
We’re already there in less than half the time from covid-19 and after having a lockdown.
Of course we've all suffered -- this lockdown wreaked havoc on us.
These cases are just the spike from lifting lockdown.
These are just the spike from lifting lockdown.
Do you suggest lockdown until a vaccine is available bc that very well might be years?
9/11 should have taught us the government doesn't give power back once they have it and I was vehement in opposition of giving them power for Covid-19 look where we are in lockdowns now?
My tune hasn't changed between the lockdowns for COVID and our reaction these past few days.
IMHO Ducey ended the lockdown wayyy to soon.
If you wanna go down that road, it's sad that doug ducey took 3 days to impose a lockdown from 0 deaths from protests but took months to impose one after so many deaths from covid-19.
People break into a Apple store and a fucking cupcake shop in scottsdale and then we become the only state to respond with a state of emergency and a statewide lockdown.
Barely a soft lockdown during Covid-19, but a full on Declaration of Emergency for a protest on the other side of the country?
Im sure they will praise this lockdown because it's directed at the people they hate.
We had a lockdown for the virus though.
Because *those* protestors tend to support the government's actions, with the exception of public health lockdowns/quarantines.
The speed and time at which the lockdown was lifted was a mess at best.
Interesting how this hit two weeks after ending "lockdown" and opening up restaurants, etc 🤔.
When neighboring CA and NV are on lockdown and our beaches are open we actually have traffic jams of people trying to spread CV19.
Lockdown hard enough to kill businesses.
I want things to get better quickly and I want to be able to safely end the lockdowns, but we gotta do it with honest info or else we're going to be doing this a lot longer.
When Georgia lifted their lockdown restrictions on April 30th, many people were up in arms, claiming there would be "bodies in the street in two weeks!!".
I'm not asserting anything beyond the factual statement that we do not have data that shows the lockdowns were effective.
And, while we also don't have **conclusive** data that they were ineffective, we are **starting** to see data that suggests that draconian lockdowns are unnecessary.
Early preparation, and plentiful health-care resources, were enough for several countries to avoid draconian lockdowns.** Germany, with better testing and contact tracing and more intensive care units than its neighbors, could afford to keep the economy a bit more open.
I'm not pro or anti-lockdown.
And what I object to most in all of this is the absolute refusal by most of the pro-lockdown crowd to have a data-driven discussion around whether or not the lockdowns were necessary.
If you even suggest that the lockdowns were anything less than a total, resounding success, it results in downvotes.
How do you define "lockdown"?
"lockdown" for me would be when a state governor issues a shelter in place order requiring people to stay at home except for certain "essential" activities.
I still don't understand how you can claim there's no data to support that these measures, heretofore referred to as "lockdowns," had no hand in slowing the spread of the virus in our country.
I believe some will have “another” lockdown.
Lockdown 2.0 happening in a week.
Guess the lockdown is going to return in a few weeks.
More cases, longer time to contain , longer lockdown for people like me.
South Korea’s new outbreak is arguably (very arguably) kind of evidence that lockdowns simply delay the inevitable spread that will happen when you lift a lockdown no matter how long and severe it is.
We have to be in lockdown until a vaccine appears that is far from a guarantee?
The guy who went to the bars in Seoul wasn’t breaking any rules - the bars had reopened and people were not under lockdown.
I’m not advocating immediate abandonment of lockdowns and I don’t have the answers (I feel like I have to say that because this issue has become so partisan you get accused of murder if you are even mildly skeptical of lockdown policy).
But if we don’t actually see that lockdowns do anything but delay an inevitable level of infection, then the calculation of the relative benefits of the lockdown compared to the catastrophic cost (in money, lives, health, and education) of the lockdown changes quite a bit.
The absolute worst flu season killed 70,000 people in a year, in 2 months covid19 has exceeded 80,000 people dead and that is with the country on lockdown.
It doesn't matter this whole lockdown is about to go out the window.
I think it's because our type of lockdown wasn't sustainable at all.
Seems like the lockdown itself was a cheap, lazy way to address a complex problem that required tons of additional funding.
I think lockdown is the answer "ideally" if it is done right.
If everyone in AZ is either treated or unfortunately dead of covid-19 and there is no spread due to lockdown (also at state borders - anyone coming in would be self-quarantine for 14 days), then AZ can be safely reopened!
Only hope is that lockdown makes people educated and businesses adjust their environments to make it safe for workers and patrons, and there won't be spreads like other countries are facing.
It’s POSSIBLE to do this here - hell local scientists in AZ said we only needed a full lockdown till the end of May.
Again we are talking about weeks of extra lockdowns, not months.
Sane people should start their self lockdown now!
Lockdown was to prevent overcrowded hospitals and healthcare..
The lockdown was an effort to avoid overwhelming the hospitals, not to slow the spread.
These people are going to be the epicenter for another outbreak/lockdown cycle.
I absolutely agree, and that’s why we can’t have a “blanket” lockdown across the US..
Each state/county should be determining how much their healthcare system can handle the capacity and when to lift their lockdowns.
Too many people seem to think the lockdown was to prevent the spread entirely, but no, it was just to slow it down.
Only hope is that lockdown makes people educated and businesses adjust their environments to make it safe for workers and patrons.
Also, even if the scientists said a May 31 lockdown end date would get us down to a level where contact tracing was more possible (although, those goalposts moved back several times, which isn’t good crisis communications you’re trying to get a population to comply), that might have been a worthy goal... but that’s not the same goal I was skeptical about above.
The original point of debate here (at least what I was bringing up as the most doubtful thing) is the proposition that we need to be in lockdown “until we can be sure there’s not a spike after we open up”.
We may be able to reach a good testing and tracing capacity, but would *still* have to face the reality of a moderate spike in cases post-lockdown.
And that shouldn’t lead right back into another lockdown, over and over again, in the false hope that we’d be better at it the next time.
Lockdowns are not an unlimited intervention resource - compliance with them will decrease every time you try to implement one.
Expect lockdown 2.0.
Also, the goal of a lockdown is *absolutely* to prevent spread.
You can have concerns (I sure do, that bar in the pic is way too packed to be safe) while still also worrying that the ship has long since sailed for us to do anything that could make a permanent difference *other than* a years-long lockdown.
So it becomes a question of whether lockdowns actually eliminate the virus (they don’t) or if they just delay the inevitable resurgence, which at some point we’ll all just have live (or not) with, assuming (rationally) that any vaccine is going to arrive too far out in the future to be worth holding ourselves in lockdown until that point.
The purpose of the lockdowns was to “flatten the curve”
A vaccine isn’t a guarantee, and lockdowns aren’t a treatment, they are just an evasion and delay measure to hide from the virus for a while.
But on the flip side of that extreme position, there’s a lot of people that I don’t think are really coming to grips with the reality that *we aren’t and can never be South Korea*, so lets also stop setting up the false choice that the only way we can ever allow ourselves out of total lockdown is to transform into them.
In other words, I’m not disputing that lockdowns can dramatically cut down infection rates *while they are in place* - but if you set the criteria for lifting them to be “we need to get things low enough that we can *guarantee no increase* after lifting the lockdown”, then you’re likely setting up an impossible goal.
But if we want to set our standard as “we need to be sure there won’t be a spike in cases when we reopen”, that is an impossible goal - it’s being reported today that even Germany is seeing an increase in cases this week after lifting their lockdown not too long ago.
This is where I ask again, if the only criteria for lifting the lockdown is to have a different President in charge... I guess we’ll be in lockdown until January.
Esp with weekend lockdowns.
The whole point of lockdown was to prevent an overrun of hospitals.
The entire lockdown was unfounded, and thus everything that comes from it.
I think that Ducey, Newsom and most other governor's are coming to the realization that if they’d like to have the popular authority to use lockdowns in the future they’ll need to lift them now before they’re widely ignored.
Most of this was for nothing, and in 4 weeks there will be a lockdown even more draconian than this one.
Funny, when people were complaining about not being allowed to go back to work people that want the lockdowns to continue suggested they go stock shelves at a local supermarket.
So hey, go stock shelves or clean bedpans or whatever market the extended lockdown crowd claimed was booming right now.
I think going back too soon is pretty much going to nullify everthing we did in the previous 6 weeks, making it pointless and making another lockdown neccessary in 3 weeks.
I keep telling people, get used to bi-yearly lockdowns of 3-4 months.
Edit: I should probably also mention that I believe there will be more lockdowns that last 2 weeks at a time to take the edge off this thing In the future.
People in general, in our community, whether they agree with a lockdown or not, have not really been applying it to themselves.
Nah, AZ doesn't give a you-know-what about the lockdown.
Then 2 months later COVID19 it will likely return with flu season so it will be a likely repeat of lockdowns in some way but I think most people will have gotten used to it by then.
They all knew they'd have a really hard time selling a 2,3,4 month lockdown to the public in the beginning.
The lockdown isn't to stop the spread; it's to slow it enough so that the hospital system doesn't get tackled.
Bi-yearly lockdowns of 2-4 months will probably become common and society will have to adapt, and can adapt.
I just had a family member die and we can't have a funeral because of the lockdown.
So our lockdowns might not be as extreme as New York City but it’s a lot more extreme than anywhere in South Dakota and that makes sense, not simply a reflection of anyone just living in fear.
Otherwise it'll be a cycle of 2nd wave the lockdown again.
The huge difference between all/most of the other countries that have implemented some kind of lockdown, and the U.S.
Maybe people trying to get jobs after the coronavirus lockdowns.
Granted I'm also in New Zealand where our lockdown has strict rules and such.
This is why the lockdown restrictions need to be eased and the economy needs to be jumpstarted.
“Lockdown” might have slowed the spread, very likely based on information at that time.
So many of you lockdown proponents are actually predicting the future.
don't worry people, hospitals will be swamped during the second peak when AZ goes off lockdown if we do it any time before August at the soonest.
LA probably needs to stay on lockdown for another month, but inland California can probably function just fine at keeping gatherings to less than 10 people.
Great, now how about start enforcing a real lockdown like CA and MI  and extending until June at the soonest.
NY, CA, and WA are on lockdown because those states have very very dense metro areas.
We should all be on equal lockdown, only leaving the house the bare minimum to survive effectively as it's literally the only thing that works to stop the spread.
My  family of 4 and my grandparents who live next door (and I take care of) are doing fine, we've been on lockdown since late February.
Countries like China are having better times dealing (now) with this virus because the whole country is on lockdown.
Many are feeling alone on the Navajo Nation right now, especially in the remote community of Chilchenbito, which is essentially on lockdown due to the major outbreak of SARS-CoV-2, the virus causing COVID-19.
So are we officially on lockdown now?
Our "lockdown" policy consists of arguing that every business is essential and therefore the only companies that have shut down are likely Marshalls, etc.
Just a mild reaction to the 200k+ people who petitioned for a real lockdown.
Some places have slowed things down through massive lockdowns, but the US can’t even agree to start wearing masks... and everyone is still outside goofing off.
So let’s say Tempe orders a lockdown, does that mean everyone from Tempe can just take a short drive over to Scottsdale or Chandler or any neighboring city and be free from lockdown?
I believe it means they can't order a lockdown unless first consulting the state.
But don't forget in a lockdown golf courses are still essential.
Doug "Arizona is special and doesn't need a lockdown" Dipshit.
Why aren't we on lockdown yet?
What state is in a lockdown that would appease you?
I think the lockdown cities are the ones with high rates of positive cases with more dense residential areas.
Way too many people here are going about daily life as usual, despite the lockdown orders.
About two billion people worldwide are affected by a partial or total lockdown, curfew or some restrictions on their movement due to the coronavirus pandemic.
They are following their process which doesn’t have a pandemic precedent on this scale, so they need x number of evidence-based cases to justify shutting down operations and doing a lockdown.
The whole state is on lockdown.
My work hours have been the same “reduced “ since the beginning of lockdown.
(when the lockdown started) if they intend to file automatically for me?
Endless lockdowns are a cure that is more harmful than the disease.
Wear a mask, stop going out unless for essential purposes, lockdown, pay citizens and let's get these daily increases in covid infections down.
I’m not willing to permanently destroy an entire generation of kids education and development with a lockdown.
The damage a school lockdown will cause will be irreparable and felt for decades.
Eradication via lockdown is a pipe dream unless you are a small island nation.
Constitution by imposing unlawful lockdown and mask orders based on PCR testing results with zero gold standard, a virus that has not been clinically isolated yet, and with no ability to even gauge viral load for the tests that are being conducted.
We then went into lockdown at our house.
They're over at r/lockdownskepticism and r/nonewnormal patting each other on the back for being the only "sane" people right now.
Absolutely, but aside from going to school we’ve been on full lockdown since March so it wouldn’t spread past out family of four.
They are only at risk of spreading it to my wife and me since we are otherwise in lockdown, so again, not worried about that.
The parents are all in lockdown as part of the agreement, and now they are even going to start rapid testing the kids on a regular basis.
Someone who dies from Coronavirus can't vote against you, someone who's business closes due to lockdown can.
There are also some preliminary findings that hospitals and ERs across the country saw a higher volume of self-harm patients during lockdowns, but the preliminary findings suggest that this was purely a result of doctors' offices being closed.
At this point, an extreme lockdown should be put in place for 21 days, if people were able to just stay home for 21 days without zero contact with the outside world this whole thing would just go away.
And now we're in this huge mess with even cautious, rational people tired of staying in lockdown.
A mandate is literally there because lockdowns just don't work when 30% of the population lacks empathy for their fellow man.
We are not going to stop it with lockdowns and masks.
NY "lockdown" has nothing to do with it.
has nothing to do with lockdowns and opening up.
Lockdowns just delayed.
It CAN be done elsewhere, but it has to start with a full lockdown and a populace that will actually follow the rules afterward.
Germany also recently decided upon rules for traveling between states with local lockdowns.
Anyone wanting to leave a localised lockdown for another state must be able to show a negative coronavirus test that is less than 48 hours old, the agreement said.
I was told that they are limiting class sizes so that they can maintain social_distancing and for those who wish to keep their kids at home they will offer zoom type instruction.
The lack of information and how to adress social_distancing or safety protocols is quite frankly disturbing.
To safely social_distance, he measured his room that would safely allow 6 kids...  he is going to have like 30+ kids.
All individuals in a school of course would follow standard protective measures:  hand washing, social_distancing, and masks.
This is probably some confirmation bias coming from me but I feel like no one cares about social_distancing or masks anymore.
There’s been a decreased emphasis on social_distancing in the past week with:
We were led to believe that the risk of contagion was greatest when a crowd has 10 or more people that aren’t properly social_distancing, mask wearing, etc.
We should also go back to emphasizing more social_distancing, because these numbers create cause for concern.
Because the fucking bars and restaurants are open and no one is social_distancing!!!
I told all my college friends to NOT go out and to continue to social_distance but no one gives a fuck and just wants to party.
Well we got most crying about wearring a mask and social_distancing because it's hard.
I did get thanked by an older woman today *because* I wore my mask, but you're right the social_distancing and mask wearing has become pretty lax, which is aggravating to see.
The problem is you're guaranteed to see a spike in cases when you go from social_distancing and staying at home to people packing into bars and eating at restaurants.
The problem is if less people social_distancing, that may more than makes up for the heat advantage.
However, I think all of this speaks to the fact that society is getting increasingly complacent about social_distancing, whether they are going to the store or kayaking on Oak Creek, people are generally speaking getting tired of social isolation.
No one is social_distancing and no one is checking.
There's a reason the CDC's advice was "wash_your_hands regularly, don't touch your face, avoid crowds, and stay 6_feet away" long before it was "wash_your_hands regularly, don't touch your face, avoid crowds, stay 6_feet away and wear a mask." The evidence for social_distancing is much better than the evidence for wearing masks.
More difficult to social_distance on the buses.
It wasn't hard to stay 6+ feet away from everyone else and maintain social_distancing.
I also enjoy Sunsplash but won't go this year as I don't think social_distancing would be plausible.
Yes that’s my point, people are still gathering in large quantities with zero to little social_distancing, with what you just said how can they say bars are closed, they’re not and never will be cause this governor is a moron.
It's called social_distancing bud.
Because that implies social_distancing isn’t happening.
The thing is, the gyms have taken the biggest precautions of anyone with social_distancing, masks, wiping down equipment after every use and they're generally the best ventilated of any buildings.
Most parks, across the US at least are open as of now, with social_distancing.
When I walked in, their "social_distancing" has been laughable.
They're going to mandate mask wearing on campus outside of dorm rooms, daily temp checks, and social_distancing in classes... meaning less kids and probably staggered attendance days.
So far this virus, in only about 4 months, with social_distancing and people wearing masks, has killed a vastly under reported 135,000 in the US.
If we can barely get people to wear masks and practice other mitigating behavior (social_distancing, etc), what makes you think we can quickly change everyone's sleeping, eating, exercising regimen?
Higher capita per area, more members per household, lack of adherence to social_distancing, etc...
And even when students are going in fewer days per week with the hybrid model (fewer kids on campus = social_distancing), teachers are in every day because they need to teach both halves of the student population.
While the other side has shown the only thing to solve this virus down are masks and social_distancing...(and yes this is just a generality).
Spanish news channels here are taking this seriously at least, and also Enamorándonos (think Tinder IRL TV) started using social_distancing, so people *see* it happening, but its really hard when you have a governor that doesn't give 110%, let alone uses his brain at all during this pandemic.
social_distancE.
We have a govt that lets thousands of people protest in the streets with no PPE or social_distancing for over 2 weeks, and then wants to shut down bars and gyms to solve the problem.
And every time Ducey spoke about masks he’d add “if you can’t social_distance”.
if we social_distance NOW, we can get things under control better and open up sooner.
Yes but there's a 0% social_distancing last 4 to 5 years.
Huge groups of people, no social_distancing, it was incredibly frustrating.
Unless you go to a rather popular trail, I can't think of a better way to social_distance than to be way the fuck out on a mountain all alone.
Maybe you’re intelligent enough to keep social_distancing without an order from the government... but many people aren’t.
Probably because social_distancing at bars is a lot harder.
Why Ducey needs to mandate masks and social_distancing statewide.
Arizonans will not listen unless there’s a law enacted to force social_distancing that will hit them in the pocketbooks.
Sure, unless people can social_distance and wear masks.
I social_distanced, I never went out, only went to work and get groceries.
People were specifically asking that... but Ducey dodged the question and kinda said "restaurants should keep being safe and following social_distancing".
Packed with a bunch of people with no masks, no social_distancing, no attendance limits?
, it's not overwhelmed, because people are wearing masks and social_distancing.
Who is suggesting that the goal of social_distancing and masks it to stop the virus?
Eight of Old Town Scottsdale's most popular bars and nightclubs were sent notices ordering them to comply with social_distancing and mask requirements, while one was charged with a misdemeanor for failing to comply.
Pre pandemic and social_distancing 😬😷
From the sounds of it we'll all still be social_distancing come August tho.
Mid-July might be the peak, if stay-at-home and business closures/restrictions/extremely enforced social_distancing takes place.
The spike we are seeing right now is basically from people ignoring social_distancing all together and participating in reckless behaviors.
From pics that have been online, the tourist attractions there are packed with little social_distancing.
Does anyone else have people in their towns completely disregarding the idea of social_distancing or even doing so far as to claim the virus is a hoax?
Coconino is fairly chill but I have recently noticed an alarming # of people in Navajo & Apache counties who are completely against social_distancing, mask wearing, etc.
Paradise Valley which has one of the richest and dumbest populations has multiple deniers and people refusing social_distancing, it has a very elderly community so it seems like they are just hell bent on doing a huge disservice to themselves, i have seen mutliple people crying about simple social_distancing techniques.
And that's WITH social_distancing.
Look, we can’t force every idiot to wear a mask or social_distance.
I followed the recommendations and yet here I am because people can't keep their masks on and won't respect social_distancing.
Can't get mouth particles on people if you're social_distancing.
There are places all over the landscape that aren't enforcing any social_distancing.
Reopening with social_distancing will help fight COVID and economic losses but there will be a rise in cases, so is Ducey is a POS because he wants to take care of both of those things?
Now that social_distancing restrictions have been lifted, a greater frequency and intensity of human interaction will tend to facilitate viral spread.
For most locales, additional social_distancing restrictions are urgently needed to reduce the pace of community transmission.
At the very least he could enforce masks, social_distancing and limits on the number of people in gatherings.
Super tight spaces with no social_distancing.
But either or you're still not "social_distancing" very well like we've been told we need to do over the last couple months.
Shelter in place and social_distance or don't.
She won't wear a mask and refuses to social_distance.
I'm thankful that some people in this state are not idiots but unfortunately because another stay at home order isn't being put in place, I'm forced to go back to work in an office with people who don't social_distance or wear masks.
I don't think another lock down is necessary right now we just need leadership that emphasizes that you should stay home as much as you can, keep letting workers work_from_home if they're able, maintain social_distancing, and wear a mask anytime you're going to be around other people.
I think that people should limit time out the house, people should wear mask and social_distance as much as possible otherwise.
The reality is, it’s “officially” killed 109,000 people in 4 months WITH mask wearing and social_distancing measures.
The icing on the cake IMO is the people contributing to the spread by refusing to mask or social_distance are nowhere near an ICU or hospital in general in day to day life until they end up in one.
If we simply band together to wear the mask and social_distance, we can solve this whole thing ourselves.
Covid-19 social_distancing Scoreboard — Unacast.
Last week they changed their stance again to say people over 60 or with underlying health conditions should wear masks where social_distancing isn't possible/practical (which makes no sense to me since we've repeatedly been told that masks protect others from you and don't do anything to protect you from others.)
The head of the government downplaying masks and social_distancing does not really help though.
Too many think masks and social_distancing is unconstitutional, stupid or Covid is a hoax.
From photos and videos of DTPHX and Scottsdale in comparison to other areas, looks like we are not very good at keeping social_distancing while protesting.
social_distance.
Be sure to practice social_distancing in the showers!
Don’t get me started on trying to get these people to social_distance from me, even though there are barriers (THEY JUST LEAN OVER THEM), let alone each other.
[I mean… even just singing in a church choir while practicing social_distancing got almost everyone sick!
  Limiting cardio workouts to specific equipment to maintain social_distancing.
♥ RESERVE YOUR 1-HOUR WORKOUT TIME SLOT: To ensure social_distancing within the gym, the number of members in the gym at the same time will be limited.
♥ Members recommended to maintain 10 ft of social_distancing while in the facility.**
This is because of the social_distancing though.
I highly doubt everyone will be social_distancing, wearing masks and quarantining for 14 days for international travel in, say, 2024.
What happened to social_distancing?
So what happened to social_distancing?
I’d say ~80% were, and everyone kept their 6ft social_distance!
True social_distancing obviously cannot be adhered to during a protest, but precautions were taken.
That's why we ALL need to be wearing masks and social_distancing.
It's one thing to need to go grocery shopping, but to just be surrounded by a bunch of people not wearing masks or social_distancing is just crazy right now.
Arizona was lucky to not be one of the first hit with COVID, but with the lax stay-at-home and non-social_distancing, the second wave of COVID will hit here hard.
AND the 100,000 dead Americans are after social_distancing and stay-at-home efforts.
Sorry, but I’d much rather protect my fellow Americans than be selfish, risk infecting people I love, all to go to a restaurant/bar or whatever you want to do that you can’t do at a safe social_distance.
Businesses could still operate, just with social_distancing measures.
remind people if their protesting to wear masks and social_distance.
Reeee... social_distancing!
You left that part out, but I think it's important - all of the places discussed in this article enacted social_distancing requirements and restrictions on public interactions.
I'm talking about closing non-essential businesses that can't operate with social_distancing practices, enacting PPE requirements, shutting down public events, etc.
If at least 85% of people would wear masks and observe social_distancing opening up and returning to normal activities would be much safer.
It isn't allowed - restaurants are allowed to re-open, but only if they follow safety guidelines, including ensuring social_distancing.
Screw social_distancing!
social_distancing means "Stay the fuck home", not "stay 6_feet or more away from someone!"
I didn’t say anything about social_distancing.
So don’t accuse me of being a Fox News lunatic, who want to just deny the science and open everything up and abandon all social_distancing and pretend everything is fine.
Look at other states or cities that have allowed places to open, they later closed again because people weren't following social_distancing guidelines.
When you get a haircut or go to the salon, it's hard to argue those services are essential and there's no concept of social_distancing.
Which is about as often as people should be going to the grocery store if social_distancing perfectly.
A 30 second interaction, while maintaining social_distance, is not likely to spread it to you, regardless of the other person.
2020 =  86004    No Major jump, No Vaccine and we social_distanced.
Doug Ducey announced plans](to begin easing social_distancing in the coming days.
The models were “wrong” because they were based on a worst-case scenario where life continued as normal with no social_distancing and no business closures.
The Karens are coming out of the woodwork and all I’m trying to do is social_distance outdoors with my family.
I’m social_distancing with my family.
Plus its really easy to still maintain social_distance of 6_feet on the trails left open.
social_distance and take out is the best we can do.
Hiking is the best activity in the new normal if you can manage the social_distancing.
Hiking with social_distancing is a permitted activity.
Public pools would be impossible to maintain social_distancing and since they were a *no* under his previous order it doesn’t look like that’s changed.
Masks and "social_distancing" can only do so much.
social_distance and increase precautions.
It's also very likely a lot more than 60,000 deaths in 10 weeks, and for the past 7 weeks or so we have been pretty heavily enforcing social_distancing.
Swedes already kind of naturally social_distance anyway, Americans do not.
In my head, golf has to be one of the best social_distancing activities out there.
I mean, if you do social_distancing right, anyway.
So had you for what ever reason had an accident you would have needed someone to come help you be that a freind or fire service who would have had to come out of social_distancing to come get you then if it was bad enough youd need to spend more time in hospital.
social_distancing fucking WORKED.
Additionally, we see, in real time, the difference that it makes in US states based on when they started implementing social_distancing measures.
Kids, social_distancing is fucking working.
The reason we're not going to track to 2 million dead Americans is because SCIENCE and social_distancING.
social_distancing has been great for my anxiety.
"social_distancing worked": really?
Keeping social_distance, proper hygiene, disinfecting stores regularly instead of using dirty mop water, that's what saves lives.
Most grocery stores have now enforced social_distancing, and disinfecting properly the thing that staying at home does.
This isn’t a rural, middle of nowhere kinda place that would work well for social_distancing unfortunately.
What are everyone’s thoughts on whether the quarantine and social_distancing is working?
There is a difference between social_distancing and shelter in place.
actually, the governor's executive order explicitly permits hiking and other exercises so long as proper social_distancings maintained.
That being said, you should practice social_distancing, and reduce your risk, but parks are not off limits, our the outdoors, or even going out shopping at any place that is open.
People still out doing business as usual, nobody wearing mask or maintaining social_distancing, students still partying, still not easy to get testing, etc etc.
No you didnt, did you truly factor in not only social_distancing, but new cleaning and hygiene processes and habits people have and will continue?
I will say that people have been doing a good job social_distancing on these walks though.
The only known way to flatten the curve at this point is social_distancing; staying home.
“It’s really disconcerting because you just see these people and there’s no social_distancing,” O’Connor said in a phone interview from her home.
Judging by the number of cars and people going places the social_distancing suggested will not be heeded.
It's good to hear you're practicing safe social_distancing!
What about if my plan to social_distance is to take my family away from cities in our RV?
This really only applies to not following social_distancing guidelines, and has nothing to do with travel, afaict.
Restaurants for consumption off-premises,  Outdoor recreation activities:  any outdoor recreation area, park, site or trail that provides  opportunities for outdoor recreation with social_distancing such as  walking, hiking and biking.
It sucks that people can't be trusted to do the right thing because if done correctly, golf would be a great social_distancing activity.
AFAIK in other places with shelter in place orders, personal exercise (provided you are maintaining social_distancing) is acceptable.
You can get in trouble (per section 14), but this only really matters if you're caught not following social_distancing guidelines.
Missed section 14 which does allow enforcement action for not following social_distancing guidelines.
Find a way to get out and enjoy it while practicing social_distancing."
You can be charged, after initial notice is received, if you continue to ignore social_distancing.
Unfortunately it is only in relation to social_distancing and not travel.
As long as you follow social_distancing - it said.
Why are none of these people practicing social_distancing?
Please find some outdoor spots local to you to enjoy (as long as you can practice social_distancing and don't come into contact with anyone).
like literally berating every employee for social_distancing.
Seems like hiking alone is the best way to practice social_distance.
Maintain social_distancing and go out only for your necessities and don't hoard.
We know how quickly kids can spread this disease, especially given that a) they don't show symptoms and b) they can't effectively practice social_distancing.
Representative Eskamani replies to questions submitted here every Friday at 6:00pm while we are social_distancing.
How would the hearing work if we are social_distancing??
Lol social_distance is like a marketing term now.
At a point, government policy on social_distancing won’t matter.
Anyone with kids knows there is just no way to have them maintain social_distancing, a mask on all day and no contact with other kids.
It would maximize face-to-face contact with teachers and simultaneously reduce class sizes to allow for social_distancing and might even allow for a ratio of 1:9 (teacher:students).
Your outside, social_distanced from most others and it lets you escape your house.
Here's my thing, if Disney is going through all these hoops to be as safe as they can how come the official word to schools is "schools aren't built for social_distancing lol have fun!"
So I'm assuming you werent apart of the giant group of employees that werent social_distancing in the viral video.
Wear masks, don't go out unless you have to, social_distancing, wash_your_hands frequently, don't touch your face.
PLEASE everyone WEAR A MASK and social_distance when possible.
Even the countries that got hit hard, like Italy, have enforced strong quarantine, social_distancing and their case load has dropped dramatically.
Especially seeing all the people who go out and don’t wear a mask and don’t social_distance and just don’t seem to care.
We are social_distancing.
I social_distance.
I’m glad you’re doing your part by social_distancing and wearing a mask, but many are viewing a simple inconvenience as an assault on their freedoms, and the government is enabling that idea.
Floridians who don't social_distance at all: "It must be those New Yorkers!"
Zero social_distancing.
That’s so frustrating for myself and the other responsible Floridians who are wearing masks, practicing social_distancing, and staying away from crowded public places.
Indoors, with social_distancing being difficult if they allow large groups of people.
Look at not enforcing or even calling for social_distancing and masks.
“If you’re just a normal, healthy, younger individual doing things like frequent hand-washing and sanitation, staying home when sick, social_distancing and wearing a mask when you can’t social_distance, those things are very, very important and can help reduce the amount of transmission that we’re seeing in those age cohorts,” DeSantis said.
tbh its possible the hurricane saves more lives than it destroys with the forced social_distancing.
Districts may have lower facility costs in the short term, but as the pandemic extends and social_distancing plans are implemented, those costs will rise dramatically due to increase space needs, sanitation, and other COVID related risk mitigation.
social_distancing, avoiding crowded places, abd wearing a mask all by themselves can do a huge amount to reduce transmission.
We will be practicing social_distancing (not going out to restaurants, ordering grocery delivery) but Destin!
but we have had this planned prior and have done our research to ensure we will be okay along with practicing our social_distance standards.
The numbers clearly show that social_distancing has not been used in FL for months.
In fact, social_distancing is rare and limited to a small amount of people who actually use common sense.
Looks more like the passengers are ignoring social_distancing.
Charter boat captains are in charge of enforcing social_distancing and mask wearing.
you're supposed to social_distance and wear masks.
"Captain, crew and patrons of charter vessels must wear facial coverings and practice social_distancing rules, both on shore and on the vessel."
Vessels must adhere to CDC guidelines to include social_distancing; delineate "Safe" patron fishing positions on seats, vessel railings or deck with tape (6-foot minimum spacing)
Landside operations: Check in location is required to practice safe social_distancing and utilize personal protective equipment.
Delineate, with tape, safe social_distance positions for those waiting in line to check in/out.
Staff and patrons must wear facial coverings, while on the dock, practicing safe social_distancing.
Where does it say “boat captains are in charge of enforcing mask wearing and social_distancing” by passengers?
I recently went whale watching in MA and the captain made an announcement about social_distancing.
They also just anonymously sent a letter to officials notifying them of their lack of social_distancing and PPE to deal with working at the department of health.
Thirdly, Cuomo has been telling people to wear masks and social_distance etc and closed things down for a time and not surprisingly they’re not reporting as high numbers now as they were two or three months ago.
He discouraged social_distancing and kept everything open yet his baby's crib is already 2 meters away from anyone smh.
The patients whom are in high risk groups need to maintain their vigilance with social_distancing and hand washing.
If every working American received 2k a month since March and social_distancing guidelines were in put in place, the US would have almost eradicated the virus by now.
This indicates stronger social_distancing protocols and other measures are working in Blue states while Red states like Texas and Florida who have a non-insignificant population of conspiracy theory nutjobs are doing a worse job combating the virus.
This year, we’re going to the mountains to social_distance and just hang out on a boat on the lake.
I don't believe him for a second though, unless they were going to some private school with a very small number of students per class where social_distancing could actually work.
Further, he hopes states will expand early voting so people can vote while social_distancing, while also instituting automatic voter registration.
Shit makes no sense you can’t social_distance in school so make everyone do remote so that we can all be safe.
Many will opt for virtual and the reduction in number of students will allow for more social_distancing in the classroom.
I’m supposed to go back to work in September - even with social_distancing measures in place I’m having a hard time gripping how this is a safe time.
It's almost like social_distancing works!
You're not expected to wear a mask in your home or even outdoors where social_distancing can be practiced.
So what you are saying is... Masks + social_distancing = less spread?
I don't understand why we couldn't do the same and use that in conjunction with masks and social_distancing to get a better handle on this.
It means paying attention to social_distancing and making it a priority.
Kids have tons of other places they can play, like taking them to a park with fields for social_distancing.
Masks and social_distancing (combined, not one or the other) work.
Basically the economy would "open up" for a month or two (with mask orders and social_distancing in place), and then you do another month or two of "stay at home" orders and non-essential businesses would be closed.
Schools are viral connecting points to the community and they will have far less protection and social_distancing than a local store.
Splitting them up amongst the other classes will not allow for any kind of social_distancing.
15-20 students in a cohort, not possible to social_distance.
That's going to get more people thinking things are okay and give them more reason to not wear masks and social_distance.
They have people who take social_distancing and masks seriously, and soon as they stop, they'll be right where Florida is again.
People going to COVID parties, not social_distancing, and not wearing masks are committing negligent homicide on a daily basis.
social_distancing and masks until we have a vaccine.
I would be more than happy to go back and teach 10 kids in a classroom, wherein everyone can social_distance appropriately.
An antibody_test may NOT be a  new case!!
Hopefully they can get a more accurate antibody_test so we can get an idea of the real numbers.
I hope you all understand that even a positive antibody_test is being counted toward our case numbers.
Antibody_tests and PCR tests are counted differently so that’s not what we are seeing here.
Antibody_tests are a very small part of the positive numbers.
Antibody_tests are only coming back 3%_positive.
CDC has acknowledged that it's been mixing results of live viral tests and antibody_tests and combining them into one category.
Is it true that they are counting positive antibody_tests as new infections?
Antibody_testing and treatments are coming online.
I'm not sure where you are getting the majority already have had it bit, they did full antibody_tests in new york already and even in NYC it was 1/5 with positive antibody_tests, the epicenter of infection in the US.
What bothers me as well as I guarantee most of these people haven't been antibody_tested.
Antibody_testing is a joke.
The test are basically worthless right now (antibody_testing from a noncleared test maker).
FDA is too swamped to test all the antibody_tests currently on the market, so they just get "authorized"
even generous estimates put immunity (through antibody_testing/random sampling) around no more than 10%, possibly 25% if you happen to live in a hotspot like NYC.
New York antibody_test reveal up to 2.7 million New Yorkers (in NYC) could have had it.
It even depends on the number of tests done and doesn't take into account unconfirmed cases  The actual death rate is much lower according to the antibody_tests.
I think there was a post earlier today in another subreddit about many of the antibody_tests being inaccurate and having false_positives because of there being COVID particles in the air... so those aren’t entirely accurate either at the moment.
We need antibody_tests, treatments, and vaccines.
I called Banner and it's not the antibody_test, so if you think you had it and recovered, this is not the test that you need (if you have a PCP and want to know your antibody status, they can order that blood test for you).
Once wide spread antibody_testing is available, more will be known.
Any word on AZ getting antibody_tests at any point?
I am 90% sure I had it but the state wouldn’t test me so I would be curious to take the antibody_test.
Can you please tell me more about how and when we will be ramping up testing both for active cases and an antibody_test for recoveries?
The more real possibility is that labs are overflowing and with all the shortages are proccessing less PCR tests but the test total seems stable because of antibody_tests which is convenient because even if you have antibodies meaning you were sick you are not counted as a case in the case count.
Also it might still be true that they are adding antibody_tests to the number to reduce the positivity rate as the fired scientist claimed.
The article is pretty explicitly about antibody_tests...
Those are antibody_tests.
Your first source is explicitly about the antibody_test, which everyone who has been paying attention knows is very flawed.
Antibody_test numbers are reported separately in the state reports, and don't contribute to daily new cases.
The FDA has said that antibody_testing produces false negs.
It’s not bullshit that COVID testing is producing false_negatives, not just the antibody_tests.
They don't even count antibody_tests in the numbers do they?
Antibody_test can be inaccurate but it's strange that swabs are so inaccurate.
SC just started splitting the Viral and the Antibody_tests in their reports, I hope to see that soon, as well as a true new case count.
As long as they are combing PCR and Antibody_tests, the numbers have been manipulated.
Yeah, antibody_tests are the only ones that run out before 9am as far as I know.
Are antigen tests different from antibody_tests?
Otherwise I don't see how antibody_tests are excluded.
Yes antibody_tests are being included.
They wont tell us how many new PCR or Antibody_tests are being done.
Apparently, you may test negative for antibodies but positive for T Cells - the T Cell test is a lot more stringent than the antibody_test.
But you’re right, CDC is saying up to half of the antibody_tests could be false_positives.
The positive rate is artificially low due to mixing antibody_test with direct test.
I want to get an antibody_test, but I don't know if it's gonna tell me anything from 4 months ago/I'm skeptical how reliable they are because I heard it's really hit or miss depending on who makes them.
Can you provide data on PCR Tests vs Antibody Tests?
Its been badly reported since they started antibody_testing.
Send me a screenshot of data that has the antibody_tests individually counted.
Antibody_tests could give people a false sense of security.
Combing PCR and Antibody_tests and not telling us how many of each is going to give you false numbers.
Do you have a source that provides positive cases that do not include the antibody_tests?
Do you have the numbers split between PCR tests and antibody_tests?
I swear I spent an hour last night trying to find the numbers for the antibody_tests.
And then actually using sum total numbers and not antibody_test_results to create that value?
Does anybody know if they are including antibody_tests in the count?
Someone at work said that a positive antibody_test counts as a new positive case but I'm pretty sure that's not true.
We are not including antibody_tests in the count.
Agreed,Is it the antibody_tests?
Anyone know if they are including antibody_tests in the count?
Along with that, many people that have gotten over the virus are testing negative on antibody_tests, meaning those numbers may even be on the low side.
That’s between 17-70 million (yes, wide range but antibody_testing should give us a more accurate number over the next few months with the right sample sizes) have already had it and likely can’t be infected again (some arguments there due to possible mutation)
There is currently no valid antibody_test that can determine if a person has had COVID19.
The conversation was about the antibody_test.
There is no current antibody_test that can tell if a person has had covid-19, and not some other common coronavirus.
In general, antibody_tests are meant to show things that happened in the past.
So the concept is that someone who thinks they had covid-19 in say March, can take an antibody_test today and it (should) determine if they have those markers present in their body to show a past-and-recovered infection.
However, because covid-19 is a new virus, the existing antibody_tests can't tell the difference between someone who had and recovered from covid-19 or any of the other, very common coronaviruses.
this is in reference to antibody_tests if that needed to be specified.
Antibody_tests, which the state doesn’t report (although it may differ county by county), are more likely to give both false_positives and false_negatives.
but my antibody_test was negative and I'm having a hard time believing the results.
I currently run covid virus PCR tests (not the antibody_test).
Sounds like she should get an antibody_test to confirm or deny if that was Covid, because if it was not then she's in that much more danger.
They're offering antibody_tests with any donation.
But haven't been able to get in for an antibody_test yet.
My friend is a pilot, he had the same thing in January and got the antibody_test, he had no antibodies.
I have three studies here using antibody_testing to come up with an IFR number for COVID.
granted if we want to take antibody_tests into account, that would yield about four percent of the population here last time i checked.
Today's hot topic is antibody_testing, and I've been asked daily where people can get this new diagnostic breakthrough.
My answer, however, is as disappointing as it is urgent: Avoid current antibody_testing altogether.
Got the antibody_test and it was negative.
My antibody_test last month was also negative.
- she claims antibody_tests should be included.
Antibody_tests don’t indicate current infection nor can they imply immunity (yet).
If those same-day tests are the antibody_test, the DOH is not counting those in the new infections number according to Rebekah Johnson's dashboard.
The increased testing I'm aware of are not for the antibody_test.
Antibody_tests aren't a golden ticket to do what you want because you are immune.
Antibody_tests are great, but they aren't really useful in stopping the spread of a virus.
If they haven't stopped including antibody_tests with the totals it's even worse than before.
Question:  Are antibody_tests being included in these daily positive numbers?
I mean, if it's active cases, then yes I understand but if antibody_tests are included, that makes this spike rather disingenuous.
But we at least know positive antibody_tests aren’t being reported in Hillsborough, yet we’re still seeing exponential growth in number of cases in that county.
Is it antibody_tests?
When Desantis ordered that all antibody_tests be included with the covid test_results, I lost all faith that any information would be unbiased.
There are some antibody_tests as well.
Florida just started doing antibody_testing, so the numbers are definitely rising as a result of that, it's unavoidable.
I gave blood recently, and they offered free antibody_testing, so it's obvious more people are being tested..
The truth is, now that the state recently started doing antibody_testing, the numbers will inexorably rise.
Florida releases first coronavirus antibody_testing results as more test sites are added.
Why would it mention antibody_tests?
It’s about ~2 weeks from infection to showing up in stats - week of incubation and 4-7 days for test_results.
When those test_results come in, the numbers will look worse.
POSITIVE TEST RESULTS ARE MEANINGLESS.
My company has 5 employees out pending test_results and we've lost at least 7 elderly customers to covid (not infected from our business).
Every week or two we get someone at work that winds up testing positive for COVID, and that winds up taking more people out until they can get test_results back so we keep struggling to keep things going.
"The facts are, we got an increase in testing, an increase in testing and an increase in positive test_results.
There are some open questions as to how quickly test_results are getting reported and there may be some outliers who get sick at the extreme end of the 14-day incubation period (vast majority are ~5 days).
 14-day window – Confirmed cases over the last 14 days may not be accounted for due to illnesses yet to be reported or test_results may still be pending.
Our protests started late last week, there’s no way people have been infected, shown enough symptoms to get a test, wait for their test_results to come back, and contribute to today’s numbers.
If it is lower, all the observed positives in the sample could be due to false-positive test_results, and we cannot exclude zero prevalence as a possibility.
Got the pneumonia almost completely taken care of with steroids and treatment before her covid test_results came back 10 days later (positive).
Does anyone know how fast people are getting COVID-19 test_results back?
"Keep working with your commercial vendors for testing, but do not depend on having test_results for your management," Christ wrote.
OK, yes, I'm not going to argue that either way because I suppose that depends *how bad* the test_results are.
Test_results will be available in 3-4 days from the pickup of the specimen to release of the test_result.
Patients wanting the test will have to attest that they are having symptoms andthat they will quarantine themselves until they get the test_results, she said.
Does anyone know if you’re out of work temporarily (as you can’t return) while you’re waiting for test_results from COVID, if you’re eligible for unemployment or some type or state/federal funding?
They are waitresses and they didn’t earn any money for the entire week since they were waiting on their test_results.
Are there benefits available for people who had to take time off work due to waiting for test_results?
SOME of the test_results are from a week to two weeks.
That's what's driving low test_results at the moment.
Daily test_result statistics are a combination of these five factors, each of which is going to have a different kind of interaction with the hurricane.
Test_results are 7 - 10  days behind.
New Tests Resulted Midnight to midnight cutoff, test_results released on.
New Positive COVID-19 Tests Midnight to midnight cutoff, positive test_results.
All positive test_results released to date.
New Negative COVID-19 Tests Midnight to midnight cutoff, negative test_results.
All negative test_results released to date.
to midnight cutoff, test_results released on previous.
Only thing about that is test_results from this weekend most likely won’t be added to the case count until sometime this week.
Does anyone knows were to get a PCR test_result in 72h or less in Brevard county or near?
Sir your test_results, FAKE NEWS.
T+13: Test_results come back.
It probably just represents our capacity for processing test_results.
On top of that, the test_results are delayed by 10-14 days on average, so we're not even getting results now.
88,814 individual test_results were recorded yesterday, however due to a testing lag these samples could have been collected at any time in the last 2-3 weeks.
That wording actually needs to be updated to "Test_results for 88,814 individuals were recorded yesterday."
I think with that many cases, the continued mobility of the public, and the slowness of test_results, it would be too hard to pinpoint area of infection for each case, or even enough cases to get an idea on an answer for that.
Especially if people are still going out and about while they wait for test_results or have been in contact with someone who is waiting/tested positive.
Plus, this 2% isn’t who you have to worry about - the fact that they have a positive test_result hopefully means they’re now isolating until their symptoms subside.
It’s the % of people walking around who are both currently infectious and haven’t gotten test_results yet that you really have to worry about.
Up to 2 weeks to show symptoms and up to 2 weeks to get test_results back.
Like if they take a sample today that would result in a positive test if done today, in 2 weeks would it still return a positive test_result?
A negative test_result for this test means that SARSCoV-2 RNA was not present in the specimen above the limit of detection.
There's an article that talks about "Florida’s hidden data skews COVID-19 test_results" here's a link to it [ it says:
“We only count the positive test once,” Alina Alonso, the head of the Palm Beach County Department of Health, told Palm Beach County commissioners on July 7.“[**We do count the negative tests more than once**](because there are reasons for people testing negative and getting multiple test_results.
How long did it take for you to get your test_results?
Yeah, my grandpa who lives on the other side of the state had it 3 weeks ago and just got his test_results a few days ago.
Does anyone know the average turnaround time for the test_results?
Earlier this week I did get my first negative test_result so I am on the mend I feel good about that.
Also, the labs doing that only make up, like, 20,000 tests, so 1% of total test_results anyways.
I’ll listen to them when they get behind a thorough investigating of the inflated numbers regarding 100%_positives tests results AND the cases of people that weren’t even tested still getting positive test_results sent to them.
Plus my roommate (28) is literally in the ICU and me (22) and my brother (20) are both quarantined symptomatic and waiting for test_results and we have been for 5 days now.
There have been some issues with reporting of negatives (you can [see the full discussion here](but no, no one is getting test_results without taking a test, because that is called "insurance fraud", and if it was happening en masse, believe me that insurance companies would be making a huge deal about it.
If you assume that every single lab with greater than 10 tests and a positivity of over 70% fudged their numbers, you are still only looking at about 3% of missing test_results.
I’d create a statewide sick leave policy that rewards workers for staying home when not feeling well and punishes employers who force an employee who is not feeling well (but might not have test_results yet) from coming in to work.
\- At least 33 laboratories, mostly small independent labs, have misreported COVID-19 test_results.
\- These laboratories have been reporting positive test_results correctly, but have either misreported positivity or neglected to report negative test_results.
\- Combined, these labs have reported between 1,500 and 2,500 positive test_results over an unspecified period of time, and likely performed between 15,000 and 25,000 total tests.
Leaving tests off of the reporting costs labs thousands of dollars, or would have been caught anyway when the CDC reconciled billing claims with test_results received.
All four of stylist A’s contacts later developed symptoms and had positive PCR test_results for SARS-CoV-2.
We averaged a 5-7 day turn around on test_results to the individual prior to the spike.
Waiting for my test_result callback and their reccomendations on what to do with my current symptoms also have a telehealth follow-up with my PCP, checking temp and oxygen levels every hour and wearing a HR sensor 24/7.
Does anyone know who I can call to get my test_results?
Some of them are likely actual results (if you're only doing a small number of tests, the chances of all of them being positive isn't crazy), others may be errors in reporting, or they may have only reported positive test_results.
Over 10K on a weekend plus test_results being backlogged by a week or two... We are fucked.
Persons tested: includes PCR and antigen test_results received by the Department of Health from the state public health laboratory (BPHL), as well as commercial and hospital laboratories.
Maybe a backlog of test_results got cleared.
This also appears to be a backlog of test_results being reported all at once.
Oh, so they are including the \~40,000 test_results from backlog in the percent positive?
And don’t forget even if they do get a negative test back, the false_negative rate for asymptomatic carriers is [around 40% 4 days after exposure](Ridiculous that people are even relying on negative test_results to clear themselves.
This possibility of a false_negative test_result is why anyone who has symptoms that could be due to COVID-19, or has been exposed to someone known to be infected, must isolate even if they test negative for coronavirus.
If [the spike] was just due to increased numbers, we would have immediately seen an increased number of positive test_results in the middle of May and that was not the case,” said Dr.
Even with temperature checks, and an actual plan in place that she was enforcing at her daycare, and she and her whole family gets sick because one parent doesn’t quarantine herself and her kid while awaiting Covid test_results.
The way the numbers have been going, have to wonder how much of a function the daily test_results are a result of labs taking upwards of 6-10 days to actually process samples.
Took my dad two weeks to get his test_results.
Interested in where you got the 53,818 number of test_results reported today?
Well know this is happening if the delay in test_results continues to grow, if testing is again limited to only the obviously sick, or if we see deaths grow while cases numbers have become steady.
Anything like this with actual test_results?
Test_results are also starting to lag behind because of how overwhelmed labs are right now.
I have been waiting 6 days for my test_results with no response.
13th day for me and no test_results.
I've been told to quarantine until test_results come in but I have no doubt many people do not follow that rule.
Are you allowed to work pending test_results or do you have to quarantine.
If not, 14 days OR until she gets negative test_results.
In a lot of places test_results are taking 4-5 days to come back from the lab.
Test_results are delayed throughout the state.
Whatever effect the holiday has on the numbers probably won't be seen for at least a week, given how long it takes to spread and the delaying in test_results.
It can take 4-7 days for test_results to be confirmed.
Secondly, she would still be admitted as a pregnancy, not as a COVID admission, since she would have already been admitted before the test_results came back.
"A positive test_result shows you may have antibodies from an infection with the virus that causes COVID-19.
Just got my test_results back, no active infection.
The PDF states 11,550 positive test_results in the “Number and percent of positive labs” table.
We're hearing lots of anecdotal reports of test_results taking a week or more to come back.
If you work backwards from that 3\~8 days to get a test_result, plus 2\~5 days for ppl to find a place to _get_ a test, plus 4\~7 days incubation period before ppl have symptoms -- the number of new cases reported today were people likely initially infected 1.5 to 3 weeks ago!
Your math looks right, but the numbers are based on test_results received, not tests conducted.
The work week influences testing and test_results in a pretty specific predictable way.
Inevitably, this delay in testing and test_results is going to cause challenges with accurately reporting the day to day increases.
The scary thing with this virus is the delayed test_results.
The numbers reported on any given day are actually representative of the previous day, so what we saw yesterday was actually the test_results from Saturday.
Keep in mind that test_results may be 3-5 days (or more) after the swabs were taken.
There was someone in my area that decided to go to 3 bars on Mills the night before they got their test_results back and hug a bunch of people.
Test_results came back the next day and they were positive for covid-19.
“As we continue to see more COVID-19 positive test_results among young adults and rising hospitalizations, I have decided that the only prudent thing to do to tamp down this recent uptick is to crack down on recreational activities that put our overall community at higher risk,“ Gimenez said in the statement.
Since they allow all of the repeated negative test_results from the same person into the tally, it drops the positive percentage rate like a rock and makes the numbers look way better than they are.
I made it known yesterday that not only am I not going, I will not be in any of their presence once they get back until they have a negative test_result in-hand.
He lost my benefit of the doubt when he combined covid test_results with antibody results on May 16th.
Florida on Monday confirmed it had recorded 100,000 positive test_results for Covid-19 since the pandemic began.
A lot more folks need to keep in mind that the test_results reported each day for SARS-Cov-2 / COVID-19 is a lagging indicator of where the infection curve is.
Ugh, I'm still waiting for my test_results but this is me right now.
"DOH "Cases" include residents and non-residents, but exclude those who received positive anti-body test_results."
Basically, when a test_result comes back positive for infectious disease tests, they are frequently retested to ensure it is a true positive.
When you see a negative test_result, you don't think twice.
Restaurants in Florida (depending on your area) have been allowed to open for seating for a month now though- assuming infection sets in within a few days and test_results also lag, whatever relates to this spike would have started/occurred 2-3 weeks ago.
It'd be interesting data if they'd follow up all the negative test_results with a secondary anti-body test right after to get an idea on how many have already had the virus but are negative now.
My body felt normal again on May 17th I got my positive test_results on May 12th.
Around 24 hours to get test_results back.
They might be just starting to get tested and may not even have test_results yet.
The number of positive tests reported from June 2nd through June 8th accounted for 1/7 of Florida's total positive test_results at that time, although I'd suspect it would have increased to a larger percentage at this point.
I'll go a step further and say that the statistic touting the meager number of positive test_results to the number of total tests is a stupid, meaningless statistic.
However that's about 2-3 weeks delayed behind the test_results since obviously people don't die immediately.
The DoH does list out the antibody_test_results in separate tables that they release.
They only count how many people test positive, not how many positive test_results there are.
5 days before Wednesday is Friday, and that's assuming people got tested as soon as symptoms first appeared, the test_results were reported to the state as soon as they were available, and tests coming back on time.
That means these test_results are roughly as of infections occurring June 1st.
More than half of the facility’s 12 residents had tested positive for COVID-19 after the facility failed to isolate a resident awaiting COVID-19 test_results who had returned to the facility after being hospitalized with symptoms.
Those numbers will get filled in as the test_results come in.
When Kemp announced the plan to reopen the state, Georgia changed its reporting of new cases from "positive test_results" to "showing symptoms".
[Advent Health just notified 25K+ people tonight that they will not be getting their test_results.
It also takes days or more for test_results to come back.
"Original Phase 1 counties reported receiving over 15,000 test_results yesterday.
The 801 new cases from 5/13 you cited were [from](almost 18,000 test_results that day.
It's hard to accurately gauge what's going on when the Governor and Department of Health are suppressing test_results to mislead the public.
Back a month ago, when that story was published, Dr Birx stood at the White House every day saying that hospitals across the nation had to do better about getting their test_results to the states where the CDC could do better survellience of the virus.
I assume this because if they were not, the Tampa paper would most likely publish it and it's hard to see how under-reporting the number of people being tested would serve DeSantis because the metric he has touted is the percentage of people whose test_results are positive for the virus.
On its public website, the Florida Department of Health says about 1,400 people statewide are waiting for their test_results.
They would be more likely not have it, creating a negative test_result, which would then influence the overall numbers and make it seem like it's not so bad.
And then if nurses and doctors are exposed to an infected patient, they have to be quarantined until their test_results come back, which can result in being understaffed and having to pay others overtime to pick up the slack.
looks like they tested but delayed test_results so they could show a downward curve and open things back up already.
The USS Roosevelt) that show that 50% of the positive test_results show no symptoms of illness.
The disease can take 2 weeks to show symptoms and test_results take like 5 days.
We only count people has having covid if we have positive test_results confirming that.
Aaannnnndddd I’m still going to work despite people being quarantined while they wait for test_results.
A university official said during a Monday news conference that test_results can be returned in about an hour.
I can give you your positive test_results right now.
The hospital was already starting to lease a piece of equipment for $1 million to get test_results quicker.
Honestly, a positive test_result will not change their illness.
Would you like to see my own test_results that I should get within the next few days?
As someone that was sick right before shit hit the fan the last few days, I was told I cant come in until I get a negative test_result for Corona virus.
Positive test_results are skewing to older ages.
Test_results will be reported on the DOH website.
Florida is at forty five, with hundreds of patients waiting for test_results.
Also: Florida health officials said today that the state had received 140 negative test_results and that 115 tests were still pending.
Okaloosa County is recovered, Santa Rosa County presumptively ill, pending further test_results.
Number of Negative Test Results - 55.
Nearly a dozen patients at Sarasota Memorial Hospital are waiting for coronavirus test_results, and doctors at the facility are saying they want to test patients themselves instead of sending the samples to the Department of Health’s Tampa lab.
Edit: I read somewhere last week that it can take up to 4 days to confirm the test_results.
Do you know how likely this person was tested the same day they started showing symptoms, or in general the turn around time from showing symptoms to getting a test_result?
In other words, the positive test_results are not indicative of the number of cases in the population as a whole.
I almost got fired yesterday for choosing to wait on my test_results before returning to work.
"This number reflects the cumulative total of positive tests for infants under the age of 1 since the beginning of testing in mid-March, which has resulted in 8171 positive test_results."
Couple days later they get a call from the testing center telling them their test_result were positive for covid.
Test_results took 12 days in Harris county as of late June.
(Even in New York, most neighborhoods didn't get above 30% of people infected, and in Texas it's probably more in the 1-5% range right now.) If you have a test with 1% false_positives, and you get a positive test_result, that means that you're more like 15-50% likely to be one of the false_positives, depending on whether the number of true positives is more like 5% or more like 1%.
I don't think its bad to tell businesses to just let their employees stay home if they are presumed covid positive because you might lose them even longer if the county gets a positive test_result.
I really don't understand why they don't just send the order with your test_results.
An individual can't just "disagree" with the test_results and decide to ignore them, and get away with it.
I haven’t gotten any orders to, just because it’s so recent, but I’m self-quarantining until I get test_results proving otherwise.
Many people in north texas are still waiting for test_results at 7 days, still no answers.
Wayyyy down at the bottom of the article it basically says that they were ensuring a person wasn’t counted for a positive test_result and again for antibodies.
We opened Texas up and said it would remain open as long as the numbers didnt climb - but the numbers are climbing (even if the positive test_results are being skewed, and maybe they are.).
illness”) in the absence of positive SARS-CoV-2 test_results.
Yeah and trust me once we’re back, so will the pressure for test_results and we’ll be forced to produce and they won’t take into account ANY OF THIS GOING ON.
people have to experience symptoms, then think they're serious enough to get a test, then wait for test_results.
Lead time is 2 weeks from an event to seeing whether or not that event shows up in test_results or hospitalizations.
Also, we've been receiving test_kits from outside the US for the most part, and test_results have been all over the place, it may show negative but the symptoms are 100% related to Covid(those people are taken in of course).
Then you have to consider the reports of duplicated data from the private firms that are providing the majority of the test_results.
I think the positive test_result also requires the test subject have covid-19.
I guess the statistic that I want to know is what's the proportion of positive to negative test_results based on the population that is actually being tested.
Still waiting on test_results (3-5) days for answer.
Anyone know what the average latency is for test_results being recorded?
DSHS also told the Abilene-Taylor County Health District to stop reporting positive test_results "generated from serologic (antibody) tests."
People can crow about positive test_results all they want, but no lockdown for any period of time was ever going to make this go away.
The problem is that those deaths are only being reported as Covid related if there's a positive test_result.
 Test_results are back up to last week's weekday numbers, but positive results are down.
 Fewer new confirmed cases than previous weekdays, but far lower test_results coming in too.
Test_results tend to drop every weekend, likely due to reduced hours at clinics or agencies reporting, so expect to see a big jump on Monday and Tuesday as they catch up.
 There were fewer test_results this weekend than the previous single days alone, which likely explains why Texas had so few new confirmed cases this weekend.
I can tell you that a woman came into my uncle’s lumber yard with no mask and announced she would have her test_results back that day.
 Testing numbers are back up (good),confirmed cases rose more slowly yesterday, but that's likely linked to test_results slowing and not a larger trend.
A LabCorp spokesperson said patients receive their test_results in 4-5 days, on average, after the “specimen” is picked up for testing.
Treatment is “take OTC meds and drink fluids.”  It doesn’t change because of a test_result.
What, specifically, would a COVID test_result change in terms of actual treatment?
More test_results coming in.
My wife works at a THR hospital in Tarrant county with I think like 4 confirmed cases, but another 20 presumptive positives because the test_results are taking for-fucking-ever to come back.
UTSW has 8 confirmed, 3 in ICU, 27 rule outs (awaiting test_results) 1 rule out passed away last night.
One driver is home sick awaiting his test_results.
If your job requires a positive test_result to qualify for paid temporary leave, it can be a significant difference.
Idk where the disconnect is I work for One of the Big Three Hospital groups in the valley and we have active testing_sites you can go to and have had them for awhile now.
Per the[ state’s new guidelines](testing will be available to anyone who thinks they’ve been exposed or could be infected, although each testing_site may have their own additional criteria.
AND you leave the testing_site, go to a grocery store and get infected from an infected person.
Any word on when Banner-UMC in Tucson will open a drive through testing_site?
Yeah testing_sites were shut down.
So we are seeing a drop from the hurricane - partly because testing_sites closed, partly because labs closed, and partly because delivery companies were taking longer to get things from testing_site to lab.
Some testing_sites take that long but my results came back in 4 days, some of my friends got results back in 3 days, some took 2 weeks.
I would expect processing time would have increased while the testing_sites were closed, too, since most of the closures were in the heaviest hit areas.
Close down the testing_sites.
Keep in mind a LOT of testing_sites on the East cost of FL were shut due to the tropical storm/hurricane.
Many closed testing_sites, emergency protocols for county coroners would likely have delayed reporting, due to hurricane issues.
There was a shut down - of testing_sites.
Decreasing positivity rate has nothing to do with less testing_sites.
With the lag in results I don’t think we’ve seen the numbers from the testing_sites shut down yet.
These are also the counties that have testing_site closure due to the storm.
With testing_sites closed, it's possible labs are using this time to dig through the backlog.
Why DID we get our testing_sites shut down?
The testing_sites are built with tents.
Edit:  Just love how everyone's on the "Believe the Numbers" train two weeks after finding out they're funneled through the White House AND closing down testing_sites over a thunder storm.
But since testing_sites are closing down for the hurricane, the numbers will surely drop.
And there are increasing reports of testing_sites closing before noon because they run out of supplies.
That's what I would assume, but I am basically trying to prove my brother-in-law wrong because someone he knows who administers tests said that they don't de-dupe positives if you get tested at multiple testing_sites.
I mean, wouldn't that be canceled out by the people who are negative who get tested at multiple testing_sites and get recorded as 3 negatives?
Covid-19 testing is woefully inadequate, and the lucky folks who can actually score an appointment at one of the state’s free testing_sites, such as Marlins Park, are waiting more than a week to receive their results.
I would imagine that hospitals themselves have their own testing capabilities by this point, so the turnaround shouldn't be that long between testing and diagnosis compared to those who go through the drive through testing_sites.
Not saying we shouldn't be testing LTC workers, but if you are trying to compare our current positive rate with other states or with where we were 2 months ago, you really need to look at the LTC workers as a separate testing pool from everyone who shows up at a testing_site.
1 in 5 people who were tested were positive, imagine how scary it is to work at a testing_site.
Yeah, at this point, even if I had only mild symptoms I dont even think I'd want to go get tested, because if I didn't have it, I certainly would after spending 6 hours at a testing_site.
A lot t of testing_sites are drive up w/appt times.
The only testing_site in Hialeah is Amelia Earhart Park and has not received any federal or state funding to have it run.
It took me about 8 days to get my results back when I used the state testing_site.
Hard to know if a trend or a by-product of some of the new free-testing_sites that allow anyone who's had contact with a suspected case get tested.
DeSantis noted that the state has opened 12 COVID-only nursing facilities statewide, including one in Miami, and that reinforcements of about 1,000 nurses and other healthcare workers were on the way to help at hospitals, testing_sites and other areas.
This can be done by issuing stay at home orders and mask mandates, providing assistance to those unable to work or secure an income and healthcare, bolstering the healthcare sector to better care for an influx of patients, increasing the availability of testing_sites and number of tests, publishing transparent and accurate data of the disease's spread, its mortality rate, and effects of the disease, and regularly giving citizens updates about the State's plans for the future.
People have had to leave the testing_sites early, after they already given their information, and they've received letters saying they've tested positive for COVID even tho they were never tested.
What I'm saying is, they gave their information at the testing_site, never got the test done because they left early and still received  "confirmation" saying they tested positive anyway.
Many news reports that the testing_sites are all booked up.
Yes, the tests are limited right now, and testing_sites without onsite labs are having huge delays in their results.
My parents had to go to three different testing_sites last week after being exposed to someone who had tested positive.
Especially considering testing_sites were closed for the 4th!
Testing_sites are closed today so we should have some lower numbers next week!
We should keep in mind that most testing_sites if not all are closed today so we might see a decrease in cases in the next couple of days.
It’s really absurd, I went to 3 different testing_sites yesterday.
Look for a local testing_site for you.
my slip of paper i received at the testing_site said wait 5 business days.
I mean, you can find people from Miami in this thread talking about desperately trying to get a test and driving to testing_sites which are closing super early because they ran out of tests.
Imagine every testing_site did 2x what they could test now.
Not the federal testing_sites.
I wouldn't be surprised if more testing_sites start shutting down now that the funding has run out.
Either that or testing_sites are behind in their reporting.
Testing_sites are turning people away at 9am.
I don't, then you have potentially thousands of positive cases that are being turned away from testing_sites.
I have also heard other testing_sites have taken as long as 10 days to get results back.
testing_site lost a family members test last week and they had to be retested, I would try and follow up.
Anecdotally, hearing from people who have gone to get tested that testing_sites are running out of tests before 9-10am.
Let me tell you, testing_sites lines are over a mile long and you don’t get your results back for over a week.
CVS was like 3 days for my friend but the state testing_sites are running one full week for results.
You can have all of the tests in the world, but if you have one person administering tests at a site and it takes on average 1 minute to administer a test (safely) at a drive in testing_site [I just made that number up for the argument, I have no idea how long it takes.
Here in Tallahassee the national guard has a walk up testing_site and they have the same limit as your place.
Not all testing_sites are open on the weekend, or will process results on the weekend--but some do.
It has nothing at all to do with ramped up testing and testing_sites running out of tests on a daily basis because all the media is telling everyone to go get tested now that the riots have run their course.
We had no clue how many people we were actually getting infected, the testing_sites were closed because of capacity before they even opened for the day.
They ones in the palm beach county area were manning the testing_sites and they were NOT being sent to PBIA.
The testing_site in Holiday Park seemed pretty easy for appointments.
The sad thing is that our testing is completely overwhelmed too, so this number is only going to keep increasing as testing_sites struggle to keep up with demand.
Tallahassee has several testing_sites that do not require symptoms.
In early May, it was about 8 days from when I called to when the county testing_site had its first availability.
I went to the drive through testing_site outside of the University Town Center mall in Sarasota/Bradenton a couple weeks ago.
Seminole county’s pop up testing_site is already turning away people.
Aren’t the testing_sites shutting down?
I know our testing_site in Sarasota county had to shut down early due to running out of testing supplies, so if that is happening elsewhere that may have some impact.
The free testing_site in Tallahassee had to shut down early yesterday because they ran out of tests, their testing capacity is supposed to be 400 a day.
There's another testing_site in town that is averaging about 250 test a day.
I couldn’t find any CVS testing_sites near me with availability.
Someone reported elsewhere in this sub that Tallahassee testing_sites had to shut down early today.
Remember, even if we have enough tests, we likely don’t have enough resources to administer all of those tests assuming we’re not adding new testing_sites and hiring more people to actually test.
Ideally we’ll continue to open up more testing_sites.
In my town for the first time last weekend they had testing_site set up $20 a pop.
And at the testing_sites in South Florida...
There are plenty of testing_sites that are now open with more opening.
2-3 weeks from now they don’t suppress the data or eliminate testing_sites.
But with that said, now with them finding out oral swab testing actually seems to be more preferable to the nasal test it requires less materials to do that test so it appears more testing_sites are starting to open and everyone should schedule symptoms or not.
If you check the Orange, Osceola, Seminole, Lake, and Brevard county websites, they have lists of current testing locations , including free testing_sites, and hours.
Its not that hard, Most doctors have them now, hospitals and testing_sites.
I just came from a Coronavirus testing_site (only been home 20 minutes) and the person behind me had their mask like that and partially covered by a gaiter.
But since you're so keen on being right, there was no walkup testing in Orlando a month ago, or any sort of drive thru testing_site.
The testing_sites around here have had excess capacity to the point you can get tested even without symptoms and just have a valid reason of exposure.
In Seminole County (btw, one of the most conservative in the state), there are six pop-up testing_sites that are just opening as of yesterday.
Go make shit up somewhere else - they setup a testing_site at Adventure Island (Busch Gardens in Tampa) that can do 2000 tests per day.
That’s funny, that testing_site is not listed or publicized anywhere.
DeSantis was proud to talk about how there were three drive through testing_site in the state of FL.
I wish that were the case, but the lines I see at the testing_sites seem to indicate otherwise.
just heard on news setup for testing_site in parking lot of orlando convention center.
And I should clarify that the "mobile" part is you have to roll up to the testing_site.
We have major testing_sites at Raymond James Stadium.
Ron DeSantis opened a mobile testing_site in The Villages on Monday through a partnership with University of Florida Health.
I know of someone in the Jacksonville area that was exposed to two people who tested positive and he was turned away a t a testing_site because he's in his 30s and will be ok.
[Here are all the drive-thru testing_sites
He said at the testing_sites they get your payment info among your name, number etc.
Pre-screening is necessary before accessing a COVID-19 testing_site.
HERE'S a fucking idea, why not create programs where our state or gov pays bars to be testing_sites?
Maybe, just maybe, The administration would recognize that the situation is getting worse and allocate funding to maintain testing_sites.
Trump administration ending support for 7 Texas testing_sites as coronavirus cases spike.
Pretty soon all the federal funded testing_sites will be shut down.
With fewer testing_sites, there are fewer reported cases and it makes Trump look better.
Trump is shutting down all the testing_sites by the end of this month so the positive cases will decrease in a couple of weeks."
And don't think for one second Tump doesn't **hope** that this move will close as many testing_sites as possible, so that the numbers will "like a miracle, just go away".
The federal government is ending funding to 13 of the original 41 testing_sites because they've deemed them as obsolete.
He also didn’t take the location of the testing_sites into account.
They opened 2-3 more testing_sites and mentioned something about keeping them open for FEMA funding.
We just close all the testing_sites and pretend like it doesn't exist.
 Trump administration ending support for 7 Texas testing_sites as coronavirus cases spike.
The  Community-Based Testing Sites (CBTS)  were a stop gap measure setup by HHS and FEMA.
I wasn’t sure why I was being sent to a testing_site that far from me.
 Ability  to quickly set up safe and efficient screening and testing_sites for  symptomatic individuals and trace contacts of COVID+ results.
I ask because I made a comment the other day about how Coryell and Bell county were both opening up multiple new testing_sites earlier this week.
After a quick google search I saw they just opened up two new testing_sites a few days ago so be on the lookout for a big spike there.
 Ability to quickly set up safe and efficient screening and testing_sites for symptomatic individuals and trace contacts of COVID+ results.
There are now 20 + testing_sites confirmed certified by Texas.
Does Tarrant County not have federally funded testing_sites?
There’s a testing_site at Doxology Church on Hulen.
We should be setting up mobile testing_sites and educating people on precautionary measures.
Some have ZERO testing_sites.
The US and South Korea got their first reported cases on the same day and within 2 weeks South Korea had drive through testing_sites for free while the US was fighting over a few hundred test to distribute to states with millions in population that only .00001% of the population qualified for.
Some of this is artificially limited by federal restrictions of X number of tests per day per testing_site.
.Friends say back East the National Guard are helping with testing_sites and assisting setting up make shift hospitals in NYC, they are Helping not herding, geez people really love rumors.
In Houston, the second drive thru testing_site opened Friday.
I am sure all the other major cities have similar plans to get more testing_sites open quickly.
Yeah the media had no chance to make a big deal about it as I think a few months in the CDC abruptly asked states to stop testing for H1N1 flu, and to stop counting individual cases.
One thing to consider is that they are testing all inpatient procedures, regardless of what they are for for COVID.
Yeah, but we've also recently had more testing available when we were way behind other states, which could be the reason for the increase.
This could also be due to the "testing blitz".
One thing to consider is that inpatient testing is not specific to Arizona and we are still significantly worse than all other states in new cases.
Testing positive and hospitalizations are two completely different things and you are attempting to downplay the numbers.
We aren't randomly testing more.
If anything we are randomly testing less and these people are showing up with symptoms.
And completely flat wrt new cases - we never really got there bc increases in testing skewed things.
I’m part of the team managing this testing, AMA!
For free, public saliva testing, register for appointments here:
From what I can see, there is only one testing location in a day and it moves throughout the State.
Other regions, especially active regions, are focusing on testing as many possible new cases and not focusing on testing out previous cases, unless they're essential workers or testing to be able to leave the hospital (possibly some other circumstances that I'm not aware of) and so the majority of cases don't get tested to be removed from the active case list until they can spare the resources to test previous cases.
Which is based on faulty testing data.
What is faulty about the testing data?
Have you not seen any of the news for the last 6-8 weeks where a much higher number of young people (20-40 years old) are filling up the testing lines and hospital beds?
From the latter: " Ideally, testing for COVID–19 should be conducted, but it is acceptable to report COVID–19 on a death certificate without this confirmation if the circumstances are compelling within a reasonable degree of certainty."
Wearing masks, shutting down businesses, and increasing testing helps prevent it.
Number one hotspot in the county but we can’t get FEMA help for testing because they claim they aren’t doing it anymore but Louisiana, Michigan and Texas all get new testing centers.
Here's your "anti-science" about how the testing is being rigged... Have you seriously even thought that maybe the MEDIA is lying to you?
Increasing positive cases also has a loose correlation to increase in testing, so it seems more like we are finding out its more wide-spread.
The positive rate for tests is about 25% and testing is hard to come by.
... or perhaps when tests were more scarce, they were reserved for those in hospitals - and now that testing is encouraged, the demographics are shifting to better reflect the population?
Today I looked for testing and it is three days before I can get a rapid results test.
I feel bad for the folks actually doing the testing, they are understaffed and overworked.
What we need is testing, testing, testing.
He literally said today "If we stop testing, numbers will go down" like it's an actual thing.
He was comparing to countries that may not be testing as much.
He was not suggesting we stop testing.
But the "if we stop testing" quote is out of context.
These are live infections that are being caught with testing.
PCR tests are as of late around 20% and have averaged 11% since the start of testing.
i saw a post on r/flagstaff just listing a bunch of restaurants that are closed rn due to their employees testing positive for covid.
Sure, but by staying closed longer PA also gave its hospitals and testing infrastructure more time to prepare.
We may be testing more than we have in the past, but those are real cases regardless.
But we are not testing randomly chosen people in the state.
The high positive rate of tests that are given is a sign that we aren't doing enough testing, not that a huge fraction of the population is infected.
With all the variance in demographics and testing availability it basically is the same occurrence in Tucson vs Phoenix.
with about 1% of people in az testing positive that means that statistically I deal with several infected people every day.
Arizona is working to rapidly increase testing.
You can find more information on testing at this website:
TESTING:
Arizona residents were having lots of trouble getting testing (such as 13 hour waits in Maryvale).
This weekend we increased testing in Maryvale and provided them with funding to increase testing.
The Arizona standard is that if you've been exposed, you are eligible for testing, but some providers will not test without symptoms.
TESTING DATA RELEASE DELAYS:
Other than an outlier, the worst it ever was in NY was 50%_positive and that was when they were only testing 15,694 per day, or only 0.08% of the population.
On the other hand, AZ is testing about the same per day right now (15,149), but that's 0.2%, which seems closer to statistically relevant.
With a 25.5%_positive testing rate (compared to NY's 1.0%), what could possibly go wrong?
We have had a 600% increase in testing in the past month.
Re-opening the state and then testing everyone.
While I was happy Ducey finally wore a mask, sanitized his hands in public, and said Arizonans would have access to more testing soon.
New York City at it's worst was at a 50%_positive test rate... Az is at 30% right now and we're talking about a 2 week lag between cases as the lag of testing.
After testing positive for COVID-19 the week of June 8, Flores said Maricopa County Department of Public Health employees were able to trace the new coronavirus to a bar in north Scottsdale.
And most Democrats just want full background testing.
testing is free so at least...
Finally, through a friend of a friend of a friend, we find a doctor who’s doing testing, and talk to him on the phone.
After hearing about my husband’s symptoms, he said we BOTH need to be on strict quarantine and we BOTH need to be tested - but he’s out of testing supplies.
Daily reminder the numbers today reflect people tested a week or two ago, around when people that went out to party for memorial day would start showing symptoms and likely seek treatment/testing.
And before anyone tries to argue about increased testing...
This article outlines some data from Minnesota, they changed their testing criteria to include people who have attended mass gatherings and people came out in droves to say they were protesting and wanted to get tested.
Let's also not forget that he originally denied there was a burgeoning outbreak by claiming the increase in cases was simply due to an increase in testing, which academic and private models instantly disproved, yet he didn't change messaging.
Evidence suggests [community transmissions are the reason for the spike, not increased testing in hospitals.
More people we'll test positive for covid today in Arizona than in New York despite NY having 10 times the cases and doing eight times as much testing.
I agree that it isn't all Ducey's fault, but he is not requiring even the most basic mitigation efforts, and he is pretending like our increases are solely due to increased testing.
My question is, if it is just because of increased testing, then why are ICU beds filling up with covid patients?
March: "We need more testing!"
We're ranked last in testing per capita though...
I never said we're testing the most, we are testing more people than we were a month or two ago.
Saying Ducey is bad for testing more people is ridiculous.
The point is that these figures indicate that the overall number of cases genuinely is increasing and that it's not all due to increased testing...
Ducey isn't an idiot for increased testing he's an idiot for reopening the state right at what was then the peak of cases.
Well... if you actually read my first comment you'll notice I also mentioned businesses reopening and protests so I didn't really say it's all due to an increase in testing now did I?
I think I big part of the number rise is a steep increase in testing?
Or maybe that takes the testing rate into account.
Even with increases testing the percentage of positive tests has been going up.
It is not just more testing.
this article in the AZ daily star has info on the testing rate vs.
Public health experts at the UofA are saying the numbers rising is not due to increased testing since the numbers rose 54% while testing only increased 18%.
It does not have to do with testing.
Who's to say we didn't have this rate if infection at the start when we were doing a jokes amount of testing?
If we had started the testing blitz out the gate instead of 2 months later, would we still be seeing an increase of cases?
That ~200 was never accurate because of how little testing there was, though.
Until about a month ago, AZ was dreadful in testing.
Obviously this spike is not due to an increase in testing alone, but the numbers a month ago were not as nice as many wanted to believe they were.
That could easily be due to more focused testing e.g.
they started testing everyone in nursing homes.
People aren't being hospitalized more simply because there is more testing.
They are, but not in correlation with positive testing.
- **Testing:** PCR testing increased by about 2,000-ish tests from yesterday.
- **Testing:** PCR testing dropped by about 4,000-ish tests from yesterday.
All you need to do is look at the percent of icu bed usage to know that overall cases are going up, and the increase is due to more than just better testing.
How is running a 3 wk testing blitz to create a false narrative that cases are declining in order to reopen, and this kill people, not fraud?
More cases due to testing and misinformation?
You should try being honest with Arizona you might be surprised that people might take more responsibility for their own safety because they realize the threat is real and not just some accounting error due to "testing and misinformation"
I can appreciate his position regarding “uptick = more testing” up to a point.
This shows that our testing is not robust enough.
First time - Easier to contain when there's less people, but requires testing to eradicate.
Testing doesn't particularly matter anymore because too many vectors to track, not enough man-power testing capability to catch up.
Not with testing and contact tracing.
Other countries not even islands are doing ok with testing and contact tracing.
If you're working, I personally feel that employers should be testing employees regularly, and providing masks/hand_sanitizer and such, but you can take as many precautions as you can.
but we tried to get texted for antibodies, but dr's wouldn't do it, they are only testing for live virus right now.
I know both my dad and brother tested positive for it with similar symptoms, but not till after they were testing people, neither were hospitalized, just miserable for a couple of weeks.
I wish that was something they would be testing for en masse.
Thing is they can say testing.
Deaths are starting to go up again, this isn’t about increased testing.
Looking at all the data, it appears they are testing more, finding more positives but hospital admissions and deaths are still trending down.
It’s also possible people are testing positive weeks later after being infectious.
More testing gets more mild cases with less symptoms.
- **Testing:** PCR testing increased by about 1,300 tests from yesterday.
⚠️ That's roughly 1 in 7 testing positive for COVID, up from 1 in 20 a month ago.
How much of that is due to more testing vs.
First, more testing more results, secondly even if everyone waited in their house to "miss the virus" the virus will still be waiting for you when you come and thus you will see antoher surge.
Of course it’s spiking when testing continues to increase.
Basically, there is more testing, yes.
But the percentage of positive tests is the same or higher than when there was less testing which indicates a spike in infections.
Does it matter if it's based on testing?
Testing shows it's around.
And they addressed the question I had re testing numbers.
Clearly more testing will show more cases.
We could have had thousands of cases before but not recorded them b/c we weren't testing in large numbers.
Is it really a spike or are we just testing more?
I’ve seen people bitching that ya moar testing moar cases dumb libruls.
And yet, my company says that we all have to return back to work because numbers are only up due to more testing..
Just testing for antibodies which is highly ineffective.
"The reason for the increased number of cases is not because of the increased testing," said [Arizina Public Health Association] director Will Humble.
Damn right it's possible and that's why we need to make sure the testing is still happening so we can close down if we get too big of a spike.
Is that because the number of corona virus testing increased?
We are seeing an increase is the number of people allowed to get tested because we have more testing and we are finding more and more people infected.
I sat through his press conference on COVID-19 yesterday and he insisted over and over again that the sharp uptick in cases was “expected” and is strictly the result of more testing, and is in no way related to reopening of businesses.
- **Testing:** PCR testing increased by about 2,500-ish since yesterday (Good!)
Say what you will about more testing people need to see this.
Keep in mind we have a lag in testing.
From the [BioDesign COVID-19](research testing team.
“But positive cases are only going up bc we’re testing more!”, yeh that’s literally the point.
So someone testing positive today can possibly be counted two weeks back showing overall decline and a positive trend.
The ending of restriction coupled with wide spread testing.
The investment was completed in April 2019 and will fund the final engineering and testing of the Lucid Air model, the first-phase construction of its manufacturing plant in [Casa Grande, Arizona](the commercial production of the Lucid Air, and its worldwide retail strategy beginning in North America.
Cara Christ, director of the health department, said in a written statement that the money will be used to expand testing, contact tracing and disease surveillance.
Have to wonder what the magic number of students testing positive will be for the go/no go figure for the fall.
The larger point above flattening the curve was putting mass testing in place.
Their testing is half of what it is in the US - it's actually below Arizona levels.
My entire argument here is that “opening up” with adequate tracing and testing capacity is good... but it’s NOT the same thing as guaranteeing that you won’t have a spike in cases afterward.
Aren't some countries reducing the rate enough to make testing and contact tracing viable?
Even places with massive testing and tracing regimes seem to be seeing cases return when they open up (see South Korea).
Even the celebrated places with “widespread testing and tracing” that have tried to open up - like Hong Kong, Singapore, and now South Korea, just see waves of infections come back when they do (see Korea’s new outbreak from bars, and their worry that tracing my be difficult of all the cases it caused).
That said, we need to have MUCH better testing capacity to be able to track the spread because right now we have no idea how widespread it is.
Just assuming for a second you are an intelligent fellow, why on earth would you 'go off the few hundred people you know'(whatever that means) then actual testing of a population for antibodies from our hardest hit areas?
To be clear, we should definitely expand testing and tracing as much as we can.
With more testing, confirmed cases continue to trend up of course.
And without vastly increasing testing, testing response times and rates then it will be very difficult to meet that guideline.
We don't know the real infection rate because there has not been enough testing.
We are 51st in the nation for testing rates, behind all states and Washington D.C..
They finally started that testing “blitz” and now Arizona’s testing rate is 46th.
AZ is dead last in testing per million population.
If he feels the state needs to open up, it needs to be with additional testing and tracing.
He seemed to be off to the right start with shutting down the state pretty quickly but then failed to secure more testing probably as a result of trusting the federal government would supply the needed amount.
I don’t see testing and tracing being helpful at this point.
And frankly the testing doesn’t need to be there to solve problem of overcrowding hospitals, but I’m really bothered that people aren’t being told how to act in public right now.
The top experts on this and CDC say states should reopen after having sufficient testing (which we don't) and confirming that there are ~~no new cases~~ *a steady decline in the number of new cases* for 14 days statewide.
I feel it needs reemphasizing that we need adequate testing for all of this as well.
we arent even close to having adequate testing.
There’s no reason the government can’t float people until testing is ramped up to a point where we can test people showing no symptoms and know within hours if they’re infected.
Like the point when 14 consecutive days of testing shows no increase in newly reported infections, the guideline that Trump himself put out there.
We just want the state to follow Trump’s guideline and have 14 consecutive days of measurable testing show no increase in newly reported infections.
Mass testing and tracing is what every reputable expert says we need.
Well the scientists and infectious disease experts do think testing is essential, so good job on somehow getting the completely wrong take.
I dont care about testing so fine with me.
Are there countries where testing and tracing actually have results?
South Korea has an extensive and comprehensive testing and tracking program.
We open up when 14 consecutive days of testing show continuing decrease in newly reported infections, just what Trump said in his guidelines.
CASES - because they've been able to administer more testing.
More testing is going to = equal more confirmed cases.
Testing is only a part of the solution.
True, but less spread calls for less testing.
We need testing, and a successful treatment plan.
And where the fuck was this testing before?
Arizona is dead last in testing per capita.
had felt they may have been exposed to Cov-19 he could claim they died from Cov-19 without any testing, [Collecting an extra $13k for COv-19 & an extra 39k if patient is ventilated.
You'll need to direct that question to those in charge of getting the materials and personnel for testing.
For whatever reason Arizona was just , what was it, last week or the week before able to offer testing to anyone that wanted it rather than only those showing symptoms.
We can even re-open safely now by doing things like logging temperatures, capping work environments, rapid-testing every week, contact tracing through technology in our phones.
Fun fact: the US has the highest per capita testing machines and capacity in the world.
Yet, we fall behind Canada, Italy, Denmark, New Zealand and others when it comes to testing per capita.
I'm basing my beliefs on the thought that there are or were millions of more people infected than have been able to be confirmed with testing.
Why is the death rate in countries with far wider testing not lower?
And that’s with the very minimal testing we’re doing.
And that’s with low testing numbers compares to elsewhere.
I agree that we should probably start opening back up, but I also think testing needs to expand so we can catch it when it starts again, because it will..
It's so amazing that you know the curve has flattened out *prior to the ramped up testing taking place in May.* Thanks for the sound advice, doctor.
Testing isn't as good as it should be.
But, honestly most states have a low testing rate.
The hospital near me wasnt testing for Coronavirus going into the 2nd week of March.
Sure, but AZ is 50th in testing right now, or they were earlier today when I checked.
Scientific evidence has pointed to covid being stateside much longer than we previously thought and has pointed to the infection rate being at the low end 15 times what has been confirmed with testing, which means the mortality rate is well under 1% at the worst case.
I'm not an expert but isn't the idea to increase testing and get to a point of contact tracing.
Arizona also is almost dead last in the nation in testing per capita.
Cases in AZ, despite the limited testing, are holding steady and not dropping.
We need a lot more testing, both for the disease and for antibodies (we need to make sure we use reliable tests for that because some of the current ones are not good) and we need to know what the extent of the disease really is in the state.
Otherwise, if you reopen recklessly and without cranking up testing, the prospect of a spike in cases is very real.
And those numbers are unreliable without confirmed testing of the entire population.
What makes it safe is testing, tracing and isolating.
Seeing as how we don’t have near enough testing capacity nor have we reached the 14 day guideline then stay closed.
The more time that passes, the more testing is done and the more time given to the scientists formulating a vaccine.
Testing will increase whether we open up or not; it's about equipment and materials at this point.
And testing "everyone all the time" sounds incredibly impossible.
There's going to be a spike even with testing.
Hopefully they do get this testing rolled out in big numbers because we're way behind other states in testing.
State officials announced Monday an “Arizona testing blitz” with the goal of testing 30,000 to 60,000 people over the next three weekends.
The goal is to expand COVID-19 testing across the state.
Testing will take place at drive-thru and onsite locations across the state.
Testing locations, hours and registration information can be found at azhealth.gov/testingblitz.
Brace yourself for the articles saying "AZ cases jump (x),000 in a day!!!" and people freaking out even though its just because of wider testing.
No testing centers listed north of the valley - unfortunate.
Overall they’ve done a decent job but testing has been extremely behind.
The testing is behind because it’s been a complete clusterfuck at the Federal level.
The economy wasn't killed when businesses were closed - it was killed when the US failed to go all in on testing.
The testing is so sparse and reporting so poor that it's pointless.
We currently have inadequate testing and reporting.
Testing capability was also impacted by supply chain issues like a lack of nasal swabs and test collection materials, and needed personal protective equipment for the workers who administer the tests.
At one point, the [state health department issued guidance discouraging testing](because of a lack of supplies.
With Arizona and other states considering reopening their economies on May 1, health experts said the state isn't yet doing enough COVID-19 testing or collecting good enough data to responsibly lift stay-at-home orders.
"AZ is last in testing" that is a logical fallacy.
Studies in areas with widespread testing have shown that 40-50% of cases are asymptomatic.
That means it won't "piss out" for a long time without a vaccine or literally universal testing, including asymptomatic people, with targeted quarantines.
[We rank last in the nation for Covid-19 testing.](Doctors in Washington were doing testing early on, despite being told not to by the federal government.
Seattle is now getting fewer new cases each day (ie: they have effectively slowed the virus), while we have by-and-large stopped testing.
Your attitudeing success to testing, even if that was true, that would mean our cases and death rates should be similar, it's not.
You don't know you're successful if you're not testing.
not many people have died yet because we aren't testing and the country is shut down.
Testing has nothing to do with dying.
Protecting the general public by ensuring any successful lifting of interventions includes the development of a system for testing, tracking and isolating (AGAIN THIS SOUNDS APPEALING, BUT WHERE IS THE PLAN OF ACTION?
Arizona per capita is 10th in the nation for testing (Worldometer).
There is no widespread testing anywhere for a lot of reasons, the main one being, there aren't 330+ million tests (yet).
FDA doesn't test_kits.
Sadly they dropped the ball and just issued a letter allowing anyone to market and sell test_kits with no review/approval, which flooded the market with a bunch of people trying to make a quick buck selling stuff that would never meet the normal approval process.
Stuff like 55% accuracy on a different strain of corona virus, wanting to be cleared for EU sales for C-19 test_kits.
$40,000 /Hour x 15 would buy a lot of Covid19 test_kits.
It's almost a guarantee shit is gonna hit the fan for AZ since cases aren't slowing down at all and we're severely lacking test_kits and hospital supplies.
Arizona still has so few coronavirus test_kits that state officials are warning that screening could end, Rep.
"The lack of test_kits continues to have real consequences across the country, including in Arizona," Stanton wrote.
28, [Stanton wrote to Pence, whom President Donald Trump named to head the nation's response to the coronavirus, to complain that Arizona had received test_kits that were defective](He asked for answers to a series of issues stemming from that.
Sounds like they were just swab kits anyway, just for collecting samples, not like they were PCR test_kits or reagents for tests or whatever.
The University of Arizona [said Monday](that researchers had produced 1,600 additional COVID-19 test_kits over the weekend and that the university's [Health Sciences Biorepository](had secured materials needed to make an additional 7,000 test_kits this week.
In a [tweet](on Monday morning, Steve Voeller, the university's vice president of government and community relations, wrote that the test_kits would be used to help supply the university's campus health service, Banner Health and the Pima County Health Department.
We still have limited information and test_kits so we are not running one on anyone that asks.
Some nurses have even sent blank test_kits and they came back positive..
That said, it wouldn't surprise me if a few people had this happen because we're rolling out a public health initiative on a scale we've never seen before, and mistakes are bound to happen - like the wrong patient sticker getting applied to the wrong test_kit.
Unfortunately, the state doesn't share data regarding test_kits.
He’s not technically wrong, I’ve been performing tests in Miami and the problem we have now is we have reached our current testing capacity and are now limited by the amount of test_kits available.
He talked about how he was gathering information, ordering test_kits and swabs, making a committee, listening to experts, listening to local jurisdictions...
All the private places here are booked a week out and the chief of staff at the hospital has zero test_kits for his private practice, which happens to be doing most of the testing.
We made some phone calls, must have got the right people, and got 150 test_kits and on-site administration the next day.
I mean, in the beginning we were running out of test_kits, but now you can get shipments of 1k kits weekly.
test_kits that can be administered and results returned within hours, possibly minutes down the road.
There is a shortage of both test_kits and people to actually perform the tests.
They ship you a test_kit and you ship it back.
I run cobas 6800 machines ordered from roche (the manufacturer) and currently they have slowed our supply of test_kits.
It’s not fabricated if there’s not enough test_kits to test everyone.
You know there's a massive backlog of test_kits that haven't been checked yet, right?
There are people who have died *in my hospital* that we couldn't waste a test_kit on.
I read that test_kit orders were cancelled and diverted to the federal government.
there are very little test_kits.
lethal_defrag trump denied WHO test_kits.
They are keeping the restrictive requirements for testing because they don’t have the test_kits needed to test everyone they should be testing.
Unless you have 20 million test_kits jammed up your anus, I'd recommend leaving this shit to the experts who are doing the most they can with the resources (test_kits) currently available.
I like how everyone seems to be complaining about the number of test_kits available (valid concern for sure), but yet conveniently forget that the infected rate vs death rate would almost certainly remain consistent or even go DOWN.
If South Florida is saying "okay, so you can make 20,000 test_kits but I only want to spend money on 3,000" then you have a valid complaint, but I don't see that happening.
There are still a ton of people out on the roads and untill we have a real supply of test_kit we won't have a real idea how many cases are really out there.
My doctor can't even get test_kits now.
In the NE we are now seeing more test_kits being provided by Universities and Big pharma companies that are developing their own testing protocols.
No one in the world has enough test_kits or fixes for the problem we are in.
They just stated two days ago insurance companies are waiving test_kit cost..
I think it's very interesting considering uf health bought a part of the villages and now look where all the test_kits magically go.
National guardsmen are being told to break swaps in half, because they don't have enough test_kits.
You do know that not only every state, but almost every country in the world is short on good quality test_kits.
coronavirus test_kits.
Most countries in the world are still way short on test_kits.
Not defending it, but test_kits are limited.
We don't have 350 million test_kits.
I mean the question is literally "why we don't have enough test_kits?" and the video literally answers it.
Now we have use our limited test_kits to check the careless spring break crowd when there are older sick people who can't get tested?
They dont have test_kits for anyone.
State officials said they currently have 1,000 of the test_kits in hand."
I live here, and businesses all over South Florida are shut down, jobs are almost impossible to find now, planes and airports are very risky, 2.4 million people in Florida live within 4 feet of a rapidly rising high tide line, real estate is wildly over-inflated, we don't have enough test_kits to even know how bad the Covid-19 spread is, all the schools are closed... and it's probably going to get worse.
federal agency, opted to develop its own test_kit rather than use the existing one recommended by the World Health Organization; it is not yet clear why.” (Our federal officials dropped the ball big time.
Like everywhere else in the US, there aren't enough test_kits so you run the risk of bringing Covid-19 back home with you without knowing it.
I’m in the medical field in israel and it’s being taken very seriously and hopefully the problem with the test_kits in America is sorted out quickly as well as more strict procedures will be implemented.
the initial responsibility for the shortage [of coronavirus test_kits] appears to lie with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The CDC broadened the testing guidelines on Wednesday, under the direction of Vice President Mike Pence and the national coronavirus response team, which has been under pressure to distribute test_kits faster and more widely.
“We need to dramatically ramp-up the supply of test_kits, increase the number of locations where people exhibiting symptoms can easily get tested, and accelerate the process of getting results back — hopefully in less than 24 hours.”
If we were so well prepared for this there wouldn't be a lack of test_kits.
The GF and I suspect its due to limited quantities of test_kits currently available.
No doubt they’re ramping up production of test_kits but it’s not an overnight thing to go from quantity dozens to quantity hundreds to quantity hundreds of thousands.
CDC buys test_kits though, not produce them.
I would wonder too where the production of the test_kits is happening too.
I thought the test_kits they distributed were faulty?
There  was a new test_kit made.
There are questions about the test's efficacy across states, but there are CDC test_kits here.
Add to that the crap way we handled test_kits, and we know less about how many people are actually infected.
For example, if there are not enough test_kits for living people; then why use them on people who are already dead.
A second-order outrage about the pathetic, outrageous lack of test_kits, and the backlog processing even the tests we do have, is that in addition to limiting our ability to treat those patients we know are ill and to take public-health measures to protect the vulnerable parts of our population, we have very little sense of the scale of the outbreak we are dealing with.
Only because Obama broke all the Covid test_kits on his last day in office ^^/s.
We needed to flatten the infection curve and buy time for treatments, contact tracing and test_kits to be manufactured, you can’t just magic these things out of your ass.
test_kits start rolling out.
Not practical ATM due to limitations on test_kit supply, but it would work in a perfect world.
Keep in mind that number of cases is a highly inaccurate means of determining the effect of COVID-19 because it is likely the bulk of people with COVID-19 are not getting sick or sick enough to get tested let alone due to shortages in test_kits.
Accurate test_kits are being prepared, viable treatments tested, supply chains developed.
- test_kits are on short supply.
It’s not just the testing and amount of test_kits, Abbott has dragged his feet on stay at home orders and overruled local rules about church gatherings as well.
It’s so regulated for who can have one due to the scarcity of test_kits.
No test_kits that work.
This is due to the complete lack of availability of test_kits statewide.
I don't think Texas is sticking its head in the sand, but the fact is there is still a limited supply of test_kits so it is impossible to adequately measure everywhere.
We don’t have accurate numbers because we don’t have the test_kits.
My father is a physician and he can't even get a test_kit.
I read the post but I didn't really pick up on any "disdain/anger towards the government, bureaucracy, and the doctors/local health department." It just sounds to me like they obviously have a limited number of test_kits.
There are millions of test_kits distributed to local health departments.
Cuomo, test_kits aren't the problem, getting the tests RUN is the problem.
 Lina Hidalgo states there is most likely an undercount of cases from community spread due to the limited capabilities of the test_kits.
How come there are so few test_kits available and people not being tested?
They are now starting to get things right but it will be awhile before enough test_kits are out there.
test_kits or not you can’t hide hundreds of deaths if they were actually happening.
Well, the first testing_kits were developed by Germany.
If they have health insurance they can probably get a testing_kit mailed to them from a provider.
Many lab techs have said over the past couple weeks that they are shortages in testing_kits and limitations on how many tests they can process at a time.
We have a ton of testing_kits.
It may not happen - it will plateau soon because they won't have enough testing_kits to confirm so many cases.
offered until the US had its own complete testing_kits in heavy production.
testing_kits are more readily available, which can help explain the spike.
testing_kits have been more readily available for weeks now.
The US was never on the list to receive WHO testing_kits because they were intended for countries with weak healthcare systems and not enough virology labs to produce their own.
My dad is a pharma rep for a company that just got Covid testing_kits.
testing_kits isn't the problem.
That was the time to prioritize the manufacturing of testing_kits and the preparation of hospitals.
I’m in West Central FL in a county with the 5th oldest population, and we don’t even have testing_kits.
"DeSantis said recently that the state is purchasing 2,500 testing_kits — enough to test 625,000 of the state’s 21.3 million residents.
Is your "erm one" based on any information you have on the nature of these testing_kits, or an assumption?
Q:  **Has the Florida Department of Health received more testing_kits?
More than 500 specimens can be run for results on a single testing_kit.
In response, Congressman Vern Buchanan of Sarasota is pushing for a federal bill that will better fund testing_kits.
There are no CDC Coronavirus testing_kits available in Florida.
18 hours ago, there was another story that CDC sent testing_kits for onsite testing to Tallahassee.
The CDC also fucked up the initial testing_kits, a lot of them were inaccurate or faulty.
The risk of spread to students, teachers, and their family members is too great, we don't have any sort of coherent mitigation plan, nor are we supplying PPE or testing_kits to the schools.
I would hope while we were all locked down for two months, the state would have amassed supplies and testing_kits so when we tried to reopen, we would have more information available and more resources than before.
How quickly will these testing_kits be manufactured?
It would be done by now had the elected officials in charge ramped up testing_kit production when we fully shut down in March.
I presume that's because the federal government is sending us the testing_kits.
You're also assuming that rural Drs have access to testing_kits.
It's not the number of swabs that matters as much as it is the number of testing_kits we have available for those swabs.
Well gee, why are we waiting for all of the testing_kits when we have you!
We’ll have plenty of testing_kits by then.
The US has a severe problem with testing_kits.
The false_positive rate on those tests render the conclusions in the studies almost useless.
Validation would mean rigorous testing to determine whether the tests were throwing false_positives and/or false_negatives.
This is non-trivial, and I suspect it's what screwed up the CDC tests; I think they were getting false_positives on negative controls, but I could be wrong on that.
You do realize the tests are largely false_positives and that the media is lying about all of this to influence the election right?
How is that possible unless either the virus magically became weaker or there are lots of false_positives or errors in how data was collected.
There is no way to know the amount of false_positive, over reporting or exaggerated death count.
There’s a testing lab Florida is using that is producing 30% false_positives and 20% false_negatives.
I’m still looking for the one that explicitly said the numbers 30% false_positives and 20% false_negatives.
He doesnt realise that the numbers from the false_positive and negative tests end up with a higher "hidden positive".
The false_positive rate isn't 30%.
And in majority of those articles they even acknowledge many labs did in fact report false_positives but its really not a big deal.
And false_positives are common in many situations, it's nothing new and the error margin is not enough to account for the huge spike.
I did, the 1 in 3 false_positive is part of the patient information provided and I also received a text confirmation from the lab (Quest) with the 1/3 false_negative as well.
This also pushes the positivity rate down as testing has more false_negatives than false_positives.
There was the potential for a false_positive due to the  virus’ similarities with other respiratory infections.
Actually I’m the janitor... how about all those false_positives?
Well if any sincere person has read this far, there are essentially no false_positives with the test we are using.
It only  detects active infection and since it checks for viral RNA it will essentially never show a false_positive unless contaminated with a positive sample.
If you get a negative_result and a positive result on the same day, you will only count once, as a positive, because the false_negative rate is much much much higher than the false_positive rate.
They  probably think it's a "false_positive" or a campaign to get Trump out of office.
The false_positive rate is virtually zero.
And many C19 tests can give false_positive and false_negative.
RNA covid19 tests (nasal swab) very rarely, if ever, give false_positives.
They got it from making it up by misunderstanding false_positives and false_negatives and the wording.
That is far from 50-80% false_positive.
There was one positive case but they think it was a false_positive - they tested negative the next two times and had no symptoms.
false_negatives are actually less common than a false_positive when it comes to medical testing.
Read through this thread on antibody_testing, especially about false_positives/negatives.
Yes, and I know of one false_positive COVID-19 test.
Not to mention the 88+%false_positive rate.
Are you aware of the stats for false_positive antibody_tests, as well as the ongoing debate about whether antibodies actually signal any kind of immunity?
The state instructed medical personnel to ignore such advice and double test them to ensure no false_positive and THEN send results to CDC to confirm.
I understand that there can be false_positives but that’s usually a relatively small percentage.
The statistics are pretty off anyways as it is because states are backed up with tests and AFAIK the tests aren't 100% anyways and have a chance of false_positives.
That sounds like a mistake, not a deliberate attempt to report false_positives.
Meaning any testing done with that particular test can result and probably has resulted in false_positives out there.
Do you understand that the inaccurate results are false_negatives instead of false_positives?
Yes there are false_positives.
Specificity - leads to false_positives.
Watch some youtube videos about "False Discovery Rate" FDR and "false_positive Rate" FPR in antibody_test statistics.
Are there a similar number of false_positives?
That means that the only way to get a false_positive is if your sample is contaminated by someone else who is infected, or if you used to be infected and your body has killed all the virus, but you still have fragments of it floating around in your system.
The other thing that's hard to remember about the way false_positives work, is that only a small percentage of people have the virus.
From what I understand, false_positives occur more in the antibody_tests.
For the "do you have COVID" test, yes a false_positive is better, but not for the antibody_test.
A false_positive there is "I had COVID and am immune" when you haven't and you're not.
What’s the likelihood of of false_positive test?
The antibody_tests of which certain ones can have  up to 20% false_positive / negative_results, and taken as a whole are about as accurate as a coin flip?
That Case # is going to increase, especially because the tests have an 80% false_positive rate.
I have also read reports of people becoming re-infected coming out of other countries, but I have also seen articles stating that at least some of those turned out to be false_positives.
They're coming up with a lot of false_positives.
Apparently the antibody_tests have been plagued by false_positives.
What's more, an assay test would provide a firm negative_result (positive results would require a doctor's confirmation, as assays have crazy high false_positive rates) that can be relied upon when out in the community.
Not to mention that they used prototype seroprevalence tests which are prone to [false_positives](Its important to have discussions about re-opening, but we need to do them under the trust of our scientific and health institutions.
I'm wondering how false_positive/negative_results factor into an actually infected and tested number vs confirmed number.
A very small number of extremely ill patients probably had a false_positive and were counted as confirmed when they never had it, however, this is countered by the many thousands of cases which were never tested and confirmed.
So false_positives are essentially moot.
There is a mix of reports of high false_positives and high false_negatives, depending on the source.
There are scientific journal reports stating the test gives many false_positives.
Just read a great journal article that states the testing methods are giving  many false_positives and in reality the tests are not reliable.
Just read an interesting journal paper that states the current test gives to many false_positives.
Love that 70% false_positive rate with these tests.
Wait so you're saying the CDC is putting out false_negatives?
Dunno about overall % or how that impacts case counts, but it’s factual that false_negatives are occurring.
When I received my results both the lab patient info and my doctor advised me that the test they used (nasal swab processed via Quest) produces 1 in 3 false_negatives.
“However, it is possible for this test to give a negative_result that is incorrect (false_negative) in some people with COVID-19.
The FDA has ALSO said that COVID tests produce false_negatives.
When diagnostic testing is negative, the possibility of a false_negative_result should be considered in the context of a patient’s recent exposures and the presence of clinical signs and symptoms consistent with COVID-19.
The possibility of a false_negative_result should especially be considered if the patient’s recent exposures or clinical presentation indicate that COVID19 is likely, and diagnostic tests for other causes of illness (e.g., other respiratory illness) are negative.** If COVID-19 is still suspected based on exposure history together with other clinical findings, re-testing should be considered by healthcare providers in consultation with public health authorities.
More sources that false_negative are not bullshit:
--- These results imply that the actual infection rate could be higher because of false_negatives.
These results imply that the actual infection rate could be higher because of false_negatives.
How many people get hit with a false_negative (between 1/5 to 1/3 of all rapid tests are false_negative).
My doctor told me I was most likely positive, because the test they use has a 1 in 3 chance of a false_negative.
Research if the test you got actually has 1/3 chances of a false_negative, because that's unlikely.
Was told since her symptoms were very mild it could be a false_negative.
They could be off one day or another by 10%, but given the false_negatives and the untested cases we are still definitely under reporting by quite a wide margin.
Unfortunately there are many “human factors” that can lead to false_negatives.
Our numbers are real and probably missing quite a lot due to false_negatives and asymptomatic cases.
Or are you only going to mention false_negatives?
It does have a false_negative rate though, normally due to specimen quality.
That false_negative rate will vary from facility to facility because it's largely caused by pre-analytical error.
Report [ [false_negative]("hmunzj", "meme_template": null}) ]*
But the tests apparently had a high false_negative rate so I don’t know if I believe that he didn’t have it.
Not that any of these tests are worth their weight in shit, false_negative wise.
They do give false_negatives.
"Sampling error" is not the rate of false_negatives or positives.
they also have a high false_negative rate.
i'm going to assume  targeted ssampling and false_negatives cancel out.
My doctor said to get it again as there are a lot of false_negatives.
What about false_negatives?
I was talking about false_negatives.
Unless there is a massive failure in a system, you won't really see a false_negative.
But again false_negatives are extremely, extremely rare when it comes to medical testing.
It’s a fact the tests have accuracy issues though false_negatives appear more of an issue.
Also patients who are Covid positive in the hospital are required to have two consecutive negative tests prior to discharge if they are being discharged to any care facility (can’t allow for false_negative due to improper swab technique or mishandling of specimen).
I have a nurse friend who told me the hospital she works at tested over 400 people wrong and sent out false_negatives.
So the recommended procedure is if the test is negative, you isolate for a day to a week and then get tested again, because there are false_negatives.
Experts think that supposed reinfections were actually false_negatives, other issues with testing.
Rapid antigen tests provide false_negatives and positives.
Sensitivity - leads to false_negatives.
The RT-PCR test itself is notorious for producing false_negative_results (as much as 30%), so it's not entirely political that the results could be off by that much.
The antigen tests have a decent false_negative rate (I believe this is only impacted when someone isn't showing symptoms) which means that it is under-reporting the cases *not* over-reporting them.
The problem I’m seeing with the antigen test is that it is not only time sensitive, in that people who take it at the beginnings of symptoms will show false_negatives as the virus hasn’t spread enough through the body to be detectable, but also shows positive for those who have had the virus in the past and the individual has recovered.
Closed for 5 days despite tests having 40% false_negative after 72-96 hours of exposure.
At the bottom of the document it states very clearly that approx 20% of the tests are showing a false_negative.
A false_negative is much easier, because all that needs to happen is for the swab to miss some virus that's actually there in your nose.
You can’t know for certain you aren’t shedding unless you are tested and come out negative and even then there is a chance (albeit, small)  it’s a false_negative.
Add on to that, about 1/4 of negative tests are false_negatives.
How many false_negatives are you comfortable with?
There will be very few cases where both samples are false_negatives.
The test is pretty shitty and can give false_negatives.
But you could always use the shitty tests from other countries with a 50% false_negative.
[28.3%_positive Rate in Arizona]( That's 1 in 3 Arizonan's tested are coming up positive.
Hopkins says States need to get below 5%_positive test rates until they can start to reopen.
AZ now has 500+ cases and those who are being tested are showing a 55%_positive rate, which means a ton of people in our community are infected.
I’m like 90%_positive it’s the exact same issue my girlfriend had with her out of state employer and it not processing in the system.
17.2%_positive from 31,660 tests new individuals.
14.9%_positive from 31,801 tests new individuals.
17.1%_positive from 41,554 tests new individuals.
18.8%_positive from 51,355 tests new individuals.
18.4%_positive from 48,971 tests new individuals.
19.0%_positive from 52,352 tests new individuals.
We are at nearly 20%_positive rate on 50,000 tests..
20.3%_positive from 46,466 tests new individuals.
18.9%_positive from 48,802 tests new individuals.
Still keeping 18.9%_positive on 48.8k tests?
19.8%_positive from 54,199 tests new individuals.
18.6%_positive from 50,126 tests new individuals.
20.4%_positive from 59,741 tests new individuals.
18.9%_positive from 65,694 tests new individuals.
18.9%_positive.
18.2%_positive from 56,231 tests new individuals.
17.8%_positive from 54,961 tests unique individuals.
19.8%_positive from 47,644 tests.
The important stat on there is the %_positive 7 day moving average.
20.92%_positive from 49,465 tests.
17.6%_positive from 70,769 tests.
20.1%_positive from 51,276 tests.
17.6%_positive from 65,245 tests.
For the issue of "100%_positive" from some labs, that was because they were only reporting on their positive results to save time.
17.5%_positive from 79,831 tests.
Numbers in florida are a hoax, they're reporting 100%_positive, florida is a swing state, they're trying to bring down DeSantis.
Several labs reported 100%_positive rate in error.
Some labs simply weren't reporting their negative cases, just the positives, which is why the state listed 100%_positive rates for some testing locations.
Holy shit, 8%_positive rate for the states Emergency Operations Center.
I just subtract the new daily totals from the day before, then calculate the %_positive of new tests/new cases.
Yeah, like when hundreds of centers report 100%_positive rate, yeah, everything is on the up and up.
Also in a [different comment](you linked to a source that explains why those labs had a 100%_positive rate (The labs just didn't report the negatives), so not sure why you're even making a fuss over it.
"On July 4, more than 400 labs reported 100%_positive cases, by July 15 more than 475 were showing 100% COVID-19 positive results, according to the state numbers."
A false 100%_positive rate.
400 labs reporting 100%_positive cases isn't a problem for most of them, as the article clearly points out - most of those labs are reporting 100% positivity simply because they've only had a few tests come in.
20.0%_positive from 50,803 tests.
Leon county went from 3.9%_positive for people tested to 6.3% in the last two weeks.
Bullshit they where reporting 98%_positive results when it was actually 9.8%
reported an error in over reports it’s 9.8%_positive not 98% reported its only a fraction of cases positive.
That would impact %_positive, but not case totals.
20.1%_positive 45,753 from tests.
20.1%_positive.
BTW, relative to 4 weeks ago, it's comparable to 40%_positive.
Now, we're getting about 2 or 3 alligators testing positive with a 10%_positive rate.
19.2%_positive from 65,800 tests.
FL is around 14%_positive tests with 50-100k tests per day.
15.5%_positive from 99,003 tests.
Well it seems like the state reported 142,981 tests for 7/11, which would explain their report of 13.62%_positive (from the first FLDOH .pdf above).
The target is <5%_positive so we are still not doing great.
It's about a 12%_positive rate when statistics should put it between 2-4%.
19.3%_positive from 53,818 tests.
Seeing reports of 30%_positive rates in Miami-Dade.
18.39%_positive for new cases.
Last Thurs new cases were 14.55%_positive.
Multiple hospitals were reporting 100%_positive rate.
One in Orlando (Orlando Veteran's Medical Center" reported a 76%_positive rate when in reality it was only  6%.
Orlando Health reported a 98%_positive rate when in reality it was only 9%.
Roughly 15%_positive rate.
Open up schools nationwide and let this shit end up hitting 50%_positives a day and the whole country has to shut down again, not just us here in FL.
We sat at 50%_positive for weeks, we really had no clue how bad it got since we only did 6000 tests per day and got back 3500-4000 positive.
I'm in a state with <2%_positive rate right now and it's looking like I'll be forced to come down here twice in the next few months because DeSantis refuses to shut things down again.
I'm in a State that just hit 0.5%_positive rate.
Our 0.7%_positive test rate sends it's regards.
41,671 tests done yesterday, 14.4%_positive.
If Florida conducted as many tests yesterday as it did last Friday (75,945 tests per my math) with the 14.4%_positive rate, we would have reported 10,936 new cases.
Almost 16%_positive rate ...
Important number is new case tests were 13.67%_positive*, which is second highest positivity rate in last 2 weeks.
Additionally, the number of tests that we're doing daily is currently high enough to overcome a lot of the sampling bias *as long as the overall positive rate is relatively low.* At about a 10%_positive rate or lower, we can be reasonably sure that about 35k tests will give us a reasonably accurate sample (IIRC.
13.97%_positive lab test rate for 6/27.
12.40%_positive test rate for new cases for 6/27.
Up here in NJ we were sitting at 50%_positive rate for all of April and half of May.
14.36%_positive lab test rate for 6/26.
12.82%_positive test rate for new cases for 6/26.
Doesn’t the CDC say we should be staying below 10%_positive rate or that means we’re not testing enough of the general public?
%_positives are triple what they were two weeks ago.
According to Johns Hopkins the 7-day moving average is currently 14.4%_positive.
14.74%_positive lab rate.
13.05%_positive rate on new cases.
Florida is at 25%_positive.
14.7%_positive.
6/24 had 58,000 tests, 5000 positive 10.2%_positive.
6/23 had 36,000 tests, 5400 positive 18.4%_positive.
Days prior were in the 32-36k (5%-14%_positive) range.
It’s a shame nothing reported here about %_positive tests which says a lot.
The number of tests done was almost double for these numbers with an 8-9%_positive compared to 15-16%_positive for yesterdays numbers.
At 18%_positive they are certainly missing cases, and of courses cases are being missed, that’s why we have exponential growth down there in FL.
Yesterday was 18%_positive.
4,049 positives from 34,392 tests for a 11.8%_positive rate.
Orange County today had an astonishing 15%_positive rate.
3,822 positives from 34,834 tests for a 10.9%_positive rate.
18.4%_positive rate?
Exactly gotta use %_positive, and then ER admissions for Flu &/ COVID symptoms.
Using that same site as source, the testing has almost doubled, along with the cases, the %_positive has stayed virtually the same, and the deaths decreased and are relatively static now.
%_positive is increasing, and we are seeing a spike.
Which is great and should happen, don't get me wrong, but this would also necessarily bring with it a decrease in %_positives, since the population is now "people with symptoms AND people who just want a test."
Since the population make-up of *n* changed, you can't directly compare the %_positive of the first population to the second and expect to have a clear answer.
16 day trend shows a .01%_positive increase per day, which is nothing considering our shift in testing strategy.
ok im like 99%_positive that's what it is.
55,000 tests were dumped today, around 2%_positive rate and sub 2% in original phase 1 counties.
55,000 tests dumped, about a 2%_positive rate and a sub 2%_positive rate in original phase 1 counties.
Instead, we had a shockingly flat 10%_positive rate for a month straight, regardless of the criteria for testing.
%_positive is a better metric any way.
Don't get me wrong, but if you increase testing halfway through, and allow walk up testing all of a sudden, which is great and I'm all for it, you cannot then turn around and say "our %_positive has gone down recently" because you've drastically changed the two populations that you're comparing.
The tests are also heavily biased toward people who are likely to have the virus, and even then there's only a \~10.5%_positive rate (this has been pretty steady since substantial testing started).
100%_positive Most of us will be back to work before any of this is sorted out.
So less than 1% of the population is tested, and because of sample bias we know nothing about actual infected numbers - those tested had a 10%_positive rate but I doubt 10% of the population is infected.
I assume that ~10%_positive rate has stayed consistent over the past week or so?
It seems that, if the backlog is increasing each day, then assuming the 10%_positive rate continues to stay the same, then the infection rate is higher than daily positive tests are showing due to a bottleneck in test processing.
That said, outside of NY, WA, an CA we have tested more than any other state and are getting an ~8.5%_positive hit rate which is on the low side.
If we were getting a 25%_positive rate like NY I would be more prepared to support some type of full lockdown.
Don't you think if Texas quadrupled the number of tests given per person per day to match NY, the %_positive would go down even further, because now not just the suspected positives would get it?
-some Texas hospitals are at this very moment “full” and parts of Texas have the highest %_positive testing rate every reported IN THE WORLD.
That’s when our cases AND %_positive tests started their current exponential trend.
On the case side, NY top was 11571 on 4/15, so deaths peaked prior to cases and they had a 43.1%_positive rate that day on 26869 tests.
With increased testing, the %_positive should go down.
Fauci, who say you want a 6-9%_positive rate, and its ticking upward slowly.
Edit I think I saw Houston was pushing a 15%_positive rate.
May 31st  [had a 10%_positive rate](and we've had over 6%_positive rates for 3 of the past 5 reported days.
Yesterday we had an all time high for number of new cases with a 10%_positive rate.
More tests, more cases, lower %_positive, this is a good thing.
%_positive	20%.
